writing/Spriggan_full-draft-1.wiki  
Last modified: Fri May 29, 2020  05:52PM

# Spriggan --- First complete draft
## Part I

[//]: # (Instead of the cold-open, should this start with some kind of
hinting-warning --- of the scary things that live in the deep woods?
Maybe a flash-forward in time to Liza being missing? A newspaper
clipping of the stories about the kids? A bulletin from the company?
Some kind of omnipotent narrator thing?)

[//]: # (Do not use the words dick, cock, or any other conventional
use word for penis in this story. This is the luxury of writing about
a plant-man)


"I don't like this."

"Jeezus. Here we go again --- you do this every time we have to go out in
the field. We are power line inspectors; we inspect power lines. That's
our job --- someone has to inspect them, and those someones are us."

"You mean you. You really shouldn't do these inspections alone..."

"Oh come on. You're always holding on to some old-fashioned idea about
what 'women's work' is..."

"It's not that... It's that we're supposed to walk the right-of-ways as
a team --- because it's remote --- and if someone gets hurt the other can
go get help. The Buddy-system. It's company policy."

"Aww, you need to be my buddy Joshua?"

She let the clutch out and the old truck caught a lower gear as the
county road started to climb. Joshua dangled one arm out the open
passenger-side window in the warm breeze. A cigarette hung from his
fingers, and burned quickly in the wind.

"I just don't like you going into such remote areas by yourself ---
particularly this time."

"Every two weeks we're in the field, and every two weeks it's the
same thing; you start in with some fear of whatever place the
right-of-way happens to run through: 'I don't know Liza, I've heard
about rattlesnakes up there'; 'I don't know Liza, those ravines are
pretty steep'; Hell, you once 'didn't know' if I should go because you
heard there were a bunch of hippies smoking pot up in the woods."

"You can't trust those hippies. Or hipsters. Or whatever they're called
these days. But, you know, this particular right-of-way runs through all
that swampy bottomland area, even more out-there than our usual runs.
...There's weird stories..."

"What? You mean like with those kids a bunch of years back? Sheesh Joshua!
Those are just stories farmers tell to keep bored teenagers out of their
fields at night. ...Hang on a second."

She pulled the truck to a stop and hopped out of the cab, leaving the
door open. She ran around the truck, quickly locking the hubs before
climbing back in. She popped it into four-wheel drive and turned onto
a fire road that led more steeply uphill.

"Look, it's the same as every other time. I'll just hike down the line,
complete our ROW inspection, and hike back out. No problem. I have the
radio, as usual, if anything goes wrong."

"It's like 8 miles, it's going to take you most of the day."

"The whole day. Ya. Alone in the wilderness. I can't wait!"

"I really should go with you. That's how the job is _supposed_ to work."

"I know, but you're just too old and fat."

"I'm only four years older than you!"

"Yeah, but you're fat and slow. You should never have had kids! You
totally got the dad-bod going on. Look, we won't make it back before
dark if you go. The company only has these team policies for insurance
reasons. The rules come down from insurance companies about how they
want things done, but everyone does the work in the way that actually
gets things done. It's the way of the world these days."

Joshua smoked quietly as they bumped up the fire road. The engine
noisily torqued them up the steep slope. The fire road gashed a few
miles through a landscape of scrubby trees in a straight line up the
hill. The power line right-of-way intersected this fire road at the top
of the hill. It was going to be an uncomfortably bumpy ride for a little
while yet.

"Ok look, just be careful out there. Make sure you check in on the
radio regularly."

"Don't I always? Fuck the company, we have our own process for this,
and you know it works."

"Yeah, but it only has to not work one time."

The truck ground its way to the top of the hill and she pulled off into
the right-of-way clearing under the power lines. The truck pushed into
the deep green grass that was always growing up quickly between their
visits. They sat quietly for a minute looking out at the unquestionably
pleasant view. The engine of the old truck ticked as it cooled.

The power lines arced overhead across the fire road, draped from one
giant gantry to another. The steel gantries marched off into the
distance down the hill, arrayed like some race of antediluvian giants
prepared to hold a line in battle. They ran perpendicular to the fire
road for miles out across the swampy bottom land. Down there, off in the
distance, the air was cooler and mists hovered quietly in patches over
the land.

She got out of the truck, opened the tailgate, and pulled her gear
towards her. Methodically running through a semi-conscious checklist
in her head, she prepped her gear. She pulled kevlar chaps up over
the jeans the hugged tightly to the curves of her hips, and fastened
them to her belt. Over her belt went a climbing harness. She laced high
waterproof boots up over calves.

"Like lingerie for the apocalypse, huh?" Joshua winked at her. 

She punched him in the arm.

Liza unbuttoned the company shirt she was wearing and stripped it
off. It was too warm for a button-down today. She would go out in a
white sleeveless t-shirt that exposed her taut shoulders and arms.
It cut down low over the measured amplitude of her breasts, and let
some air pass down the space between them. Over her shirt she laid the
company-mandated blaze-orange vest, which was decidedly unsexy.

Joshua lifted her pack. Its weight was not insignificant, loaded down as
it was with a gallon of water, a small gas-powered chainsaw, rain gear,
and an assortment of emergency gear. He held it up for her while she
looped her arms into the straps. She clipped a machete in its sheath to
her belt, and the two-way radio to the pack strap at her shoulder. She
pulled her light hair back into a pony tail and popped a company ball
cap on her head and dark glasses over her eyes.

"Alright, I'm off. Try not to have too much fun jacking-off without me."
She winked at him this time.

"It's a good thing you are one tough bitch, or I would really worry
about you."

"I'm glad your years of close experience with women allow you to
identify a tough bitch when you see one. Seriously Joshua, I'll be back
before ya know it."

"Don't forget to check in on the radio every hour."

"You got it honey."

He leaned against the truck and tapped a pale blue pack of cigarettes
against his palm as he watched her hike off down the right-of-way. In
the distance over the descending land, a belted sky of gray lay heavily
on top of the horizon.

He muttered to himself, "...some women find dad-bods hot you know."

---

Away from the truck and from Joshua, it was silent. She stalked her way
down the slope of a rogue wave on a warm, wet sea of green. But she was
the only thing moving on this petrified seascape. The wind had died
away to nothing. The birds and insects seemed to have fled before her.
The only sound was the thorns and knotted grass scratching and pulling
against her chaps. And her own breath, loud in her ears, recycling the
moisture of the warm air. Far off down the hill she could see the top of
the tree canopy moving slightly in some breeze that chose not to bother
to come her way and relieve the sweat rapidly building on her skin.

She hiked under and past the giant towers clutching the heavy power
lines in their fists. The frozen giants did not dare to let the lines
touch the ground. One nice thing about ROW inspections, there was no
chance of getting lost. She just followed the lines into whatever lost
world they brought her, and was reassured to know they would always lead
her back out again.

The underbrush was thick and tight. In many places she had to whack at
it with her machete, and it slowly gave way before her as she cleaved
the wet green stalks. Their quiet, patient, reaching lives were
cut short with each swipe at a bright seeping spot of green. She
continuously checked the buffer --- the distance between the power lines
and the encroaching plant growth that surrounded them --- to make sure
the ever-closing trees maintained a respectful distance from the power
lines. She kept a sharp lookout for fast-growing invasive species like
honeysuckle and buckthorn.

Most of her job was just to observe and report back to the company the
state of the buffer. If the undergrowth got too high, she would report
it, and they would send someone out with a brush mower to cut it all
down, or spray herbicide. She carried the chainsaw and clippers in case
she saw something that was an immediate threat to the power lines, which
mostly meant sprouting trees. And there was one species in particular
that she consider her primary target: poplar.

Sure enough, a few miles down the slope, she finds a young poplar that
had already achieved ten feet or so under the power line by soaking up
the bright undiluted sun of the open buffer. She reached one hand behind
her head to her pack, and pulled out her light chainsaw. She ripped it
started with her free hand, throttled it up, and cut a small wedge out
of the tree in the direction she wanted it to fall. She brought the
blade around and made a quick slicing cut perpendicular to the tree. The
tree folded at the hinge she had made with a crackling death rattle. To
her small professional satisfaction, it collapsed with a crunching sigh
right along the line she had intended it to fall. 

In all the stillness the chainsaw was disturbingly loud, and she briefly
had the shudder that anyone, or anything, that might be out there now
knew exactly where she was. She pulled the radio from her shoulder and
squeezed the transmitter.

"That's just about an hour honey. I'm still here. How are you doing?"

"Very funny. I'm bored shitless. I never really remember just how long
this takes. I'm pretty sure I heard a saw. You were taking something
down?"

"Yea, just another poplar."

"Poplar! Your mortal enemy --- congratulations."

"Ha, thanks. I should be putting a little tree icon on my saw blade for
every one I take down, except I would run out of blade. Anyway, you
know this ROW is all downhill from where I started today, which means
the trip back up is going to be even slower than my hike out. Don't get
worried or anything, but I feel like I need to move a little faster to
make it back up there before dark. I'm gonna go on now."

"Alright. Keep an eye out for bigfoot."

"Ah, I forgot my camera. Out."

---

After a couple of hours of hiking the land finally flattened out and
became swampier and wetter. The undergrowth was less dense, but her
feet sank into the soft, wet ground up to her ankles with every step.
It was too wet here for the tall grassy growth that covered the hill,
instead there were just green, freshly-sprouted plants that were
trying to make a go of it on top of the mud.

The concrete pylons on which the wire gantries stood had a cold,
exposed, wet look. They seemed deeply misplaced in the swamp. Alien,
structural, and architectural, with their giant feet slammed down into
this soft and loamy landscape.

Without having to hack through thorny plants and grasses though, the
going is actually somewhat easier for her, and she moved across the
bottomland landscape more quickly. In places depressions had allowed
puddles to form, and she navigated around these, intuitively not wanting
her feet more wet than they already were. She was about to step around
one of these small puddles when another just like it caught her eye in
her peripheral vision. No, it wasn't the second puddle that tweaked her
attention, it was a whole string of them, one after the other at regular
intervals leading off into the dense woods on her left. They were, she
realized, uncannily like giant footprints.

Not footprints like those of a bear or a mountain lion --- these were
far too large. Each was about the size and shape a watermelon fired
into the earth by some kind of aerial watermelon-gun might leave. Her
first thought was that this must be the work of some natural phenomenon;
perhaps they reflected some underground rock feature, or the busy work
of a huge fungus.

Curiosity got the better of her, and she decided to follow the
"footprints" into the woods a little. Maybe she could figure out their
origin and have something curious to report out to Joshua over beers
later. The footprints led from somewhere far off in the woods on the
right, across the ROW and under the power lines, and continued deep
into the dense woods on the left. At least, that was the direction she
decided they were going in, based on no real evidence whatsoever, since
the footprints were just ovaloid holes without distinguishing features.

But safety first. She pulled her radio out again.

"Hey Joshua. I'm gonna check something out just off the ROW."

"What cha got?"

"Not sure exactly. Looks like some kind of real aggressive patch of
weeds growing this way. If so, I'll want to note it for herbicide app
later."

She didn't tell him about the footprints. They were just strange
enough to make her leery, and she didn't feel like explaining them
over the radio anyway.

"Yeah, sounds good. Just don't lose sight of the ROW."

"Never! It's my lifeline to civilization! Out."

It felt good to get into the shade of the tree canopy and out of the
exposed heat of the artificial linear clearing of the right-of-way.
She popped her sunglasses up on top of her cap, and her eyes adjusted.
Within a few hundred feet of the right-of-way, the character of the
woods changed. The woods were dense, dim, and swampy. Big loops of woody
vines hung down from the branches. In some places they climbed in knotty
curls from the ground as if stretching up their belly-crawling form to
reach for the height of the trees.

With every step her feet stirred the low cool mist that hung above the
floor of the woods and sank into the swampy ground. The mist left damp
drops on her clothes that clung to her chaps like little crystalline
insects.

The gentle wind that stirred the tops of the trees above made the whole
understory sway. She heard the trees groan and clack as the breeze above
bent their bodies; and they knocked their arms together like warriors
psyching up for battle. Water dripped from the leaves, and insect teemed
in their thousands, disturbing the litter and mast of the forest floor.
She could hear the insects, and maybe frogs, buzzing and chirping. And
somewhere not far off she heard water trickling from some small moving
stream.

Small hovering bugs drifted around her and occasionally alighted on her
shoulders. Fortunately, they weren't mosquitoes, more like sweat bees;
remoras that traveled with her, companions to help her search in
hopes of gaining a share of any bounty.

Some way in, off in the dimmest part of the forest ahead of her, a
light appeared and caught her eye. It had the same cold yellow-green
luciferase glow of a firefly, but it was much too bright to be a
firefly. It did hover for a moment, just like a firefly, but then with
an unnatural speed shot off to the right a short way before resuming its
hovering. She watched this for a minute or two out of pure curiosity.
Then a second light joined the first, moving with a similarly staccato
manner. In a few minutes there were maybe a dozen. She guesses that
they are a few hundred feet off in the darkest part of the woods.
Almost without being aware of it, she moved toward them.

The woods grew denser and drew closer. Her feet sank into the soft
ground even more, past her ankles. The going was slow. She pulled out
her machete and hacked her way through the most overgrown places. She
worked her way to a place where the heavy vines hung down in
intersecting loops all around her. With her machete raised, she
grabbed one of the thickest ones close to her. She did not know that
as her hand slide along the thick shaft of the vine it passed over two
of many tiny hairlike structure arrayed along its sinewy exterior.

The vine jolted in her hand. Thin, tough woody tendrils wrapped around
the wrist of her hand that held the vine. She let out...  not a scream,
but a noise of surprise, and dropped her machete. She instinctively
yanked her arm back towards her body, freeing herself from the tendril
wrapped around her wrist.

[//]: # (Remember to call her Liza in a couple of places in here, and throughout the whole story)

She turned, and took a step back towards the right-of-way, but her
foot caught under a thick root growing close along the ground. She fell
forward, into the looping arms of other vines. Vines everywhere. Roping
limbs and tiny feelers crept up her legs, around her arms. She tried to
scream, but a vine wrapped around her chest, just under her breasts,
and squeezed the air from her lungs. The vines circles her arms, her
legs, and her torso. They twisted and pulled with an alien force. They
spread her arms from her, and pulled her legs apart as if waiting for
something to come take her. She felt herself lifted, wrapped in thick,
black, woody bindings. She was raised a few feet off the ground, and
hung there, bound in air.

Panicking, she could hardly breathe. She took short, shallow breaths.
She looked around, trying to make sense of the situation, but her
vision was blurring. She knew she would pass out. But those lights
that were off in the woods seem to approach her. Before she succumbed,
she had a thought that totally made sense in her half-conscious state:
"Oh, the lights in the woods were faeries."

---

Joshua sat in the truck cab. Zeppelin was playing quietly on the radio,
coming in through a bit of static. He continually tapped the cigarette
pack against his palm. It had been well more than an hour since Liza had
told him she was going to check something out off the side of the ROW.
He tried the radio again.

"Come in Liza. Do you copy?"

"Shit." He said to himself. "I'm going to have to do something."

He pulled a cigarette and put it to his lips. He talked to
himself around the cigarette as he lit it.

"The thing is that it's getting to the part of the day where she needs
to tell me she's turning back --- otherwise she might not make it back
before dark."

He pulled the lit cigarette from his lips, and it burned between his
fingers sending a thin stream of smoke up to the roof of the truck
cab. He stared up at the smoke curling over him.

"She's got lights with her. She'll be OK even if it does get dark." He
reassured himself. "If I start hiking down there, I'll almost
certainly run into her coming back up. And she'll be pissed at me for
worrying."

He sucked at his cigarette.

"Fuck it."

He opened the door and hopped down from the truck, went around to the
back and pulled out his pack. He did a quick pass through it to check
he had the usual allotment of back-country gear. Satisfied, he threw the
pack over his shoulders, yanked his chaps on, and grabbed the second,
much larger chainsaw from the truck bed. He tried to raise her on the
radio one last time, and meeting nothing but the continued silence, he
clipped the radio to his pack.

[//]: # (Which pocket?)
Before leaving, he opened the passenger-side door of the truck, and
from the glovebox pulled a .38 revolver, which he put in his pocket.
He looks at his cigarette pack --- one third still remained --- and
tossed it onto the seat of the truck.

He looked down the ROW for a second, and then started walking.

---

She came to. The world resolved itself from darkness to light, and from
light to a tableau of ancient ancestors taking the form of trees who
all watched her expectantly. The vines felt as if they had loosened
somewhat, enough that she could breathe comfortably at least. But she
was not able to work a limb free.

The sun had moved behind the hills, leaving the woods even dimmer than
before. The trees shifted in the wind, as if they were excited about
something. Small birds hopped about and squirrels leapt from tree to
tree and made annoyed chittering noises. Insects crawled along the
ground, in numbers that turned it into a landscape of shifting motion.
The forest felt alive.

Off in the dimmest part of the woods, the lights that she had thought
were faeries were still floating above the ground, occasionally moving
with a swift motion in a long arc that left a trail of light behind. 

She watched them for a while, trying to make some kind of realistic
sense of the bizarre situation she was in. After a while, one of the
lights started moving towards her, quite rapidly. It flew at her face
like a projectile, and she flinched. But it stopped, hovering in front
of her. Its iridescent wings buzzing quickly. The wings were much like
those of a dragonfly, but much larger. They supported a creature that
was about the length of a large man's hand. From it came light. Similar
in color and temperature to a firefly, but it came from the entire body
of the creature (even, faintly, from its delicate wings). The light was
so bright this close to her face that she had trouble focusing on it.
Still, she could see the creature had some kind of scaly exoskeleton for
a body, that glowed greenish-gold with its light. It had a few pairs
of thin arms hugged close to it's body, but nothing she would call
legs. While it seemed to be a giant insect, there was something about
the way it moved its body that reminded her of mammals, maybe even
humans, like small floating mult-armed mermaids.

It stared at her for a moment with black eyes that had a creepy
intelligence to them. 

"Hmm. I don't know what you are," she said to it, "but clearly you are
what storybook writers had in mind when they came up with faeries."

It snapped a pair of sharp mandibles and disappeared into the woods
as quickly as it arrived. Her eyes followed the trail of light into
the dark part of the woods, and she saw it join up with other spots of
light. Presumably more of her "faeries" were out there. The movements of
the lights seemed random for a while. But then they aligned into some
kind of order. She could swear they were circling around some large
object. And that object was moving towards her.

From the darkness between the trees, the something large approached with
unbroken slow gliding movements. It revealed itself slowly, the dimness
fading from around it. It resolved itself into some kind of humanoid
thing, but huge --- at least twice, maybe three times, her own height.
With each step its weight sank into the earth, in a way that suggested
a more permanent fixtures on the landscape, like a large boulder or a
decaying trunk, rather than the light flitting things of animal life.
Around it the faeries swarmed circling and diving, but staying close to
it as it strode toward her. Apparently this thing had its own kind of
remoras. The faeries moved quickly enough that with every dive and swoop
they left behind a trail of light, creating a kind of writing in the
air, a forgotten language formed from quickly-made strokes.

It got close enough for her to start to make out the giant creature.
What she first took as a skin of bark, she soon discerned to be an outer
covering, mounted on a core of thick green sinew, not entirely unlike
the muscles of a human man. Strong and taut with liquid pressure, but
pliable enough to give the creature a full range of motion. Covering
that were hard heavy plates of bark, a woody armor growing from the
sinewy core of its body. At the joint where its legs came together
there were large dark petals, like those of some deadly and beautiful
night-blooming tropical flower, layered tightly together. From it's head
grew a long mass, like hair, but rough and thick and in color tones of
green and gray, and could be of small twigs and moss. The hair, matted
and twined, grew down over its shoulders and fell down its back. From
its face grew a beard of similar stuff, but of a thick impenetrable
blackness. Its face had large deep eyes and human-like qualities, but it
did not change in the slightest in these first few moments she saw it.
It appeared to take in the world without a trace of emotion or visible
reaction.

The thing approached her, without rushing or jerky movement, as if
time ran at a different pace for the creature. It stood hugely over
her, looking down at her. It stood disturbingly still, without any
motion, considering her presence. The faeries begin to flitter around
the creature's head more quickly, as if they are excited by this moment,
by the creature's interaction with her.

She did not scream.

"Christ... Joshua was right. You are a bigfoot or something?"

She was breathing quickly, trying to get more air against the
constriction of the vines.

"...except, you aren't some kind of big ape, you're like some kind of
living tree... And you're friends with faeries. Every little girl
knows that creatures who are friends with faeries can't be bad..."

The creature remained entirely motionless for a few moments longer,
apparently completely uncomprehending of her speech. And then, in a big
sweeping move, it folded itself down to kneel on the soft earth. As it
did, it stepped on her dropped machete, bending it into a useless angle
under its immense weight. Its eyes came level with hers, and it leaned
its head forward, examining her closely. It was close enough that she
could feel and smell its breath, which came slowly in long resonating
breezes. It was cool and fresh on her face, full of oxygen.

It was overwhelmingly terrifying to have this huge alien thing so close
to her, so intent on her. She was unable to move, even to draw full
breaths, she started to slip into a semi-panic. Consciousness careened
around her again, and she strode desperately for some kind of footing.
Hardly realizing what she was doing, she leaned forward and kissed it
gently on its woody face.

[//]: # (shift to present-tense here?)
This, finally, gets a reaction from the thing. Its head pulls back in
a motion that would almost be considered a jerk, if it hadn't been so
fluid. Its eyes are where the real movement is though --- they go
very wide. It slowly lets out a long breath on her, and then resumes
its frozen contemplation of her.

With a long, slow motion, the creature moves it great hand with long
thin fingers towards her. She struggles against the vines, but they hold
her fast. The fingers trace the edges of her body, along her stomach,
up over her breasts, along her arms, the tips chasing along the fine
lines of her muscles. It touches her face, gently. She closes her eyes
in a tight squint --- it feels just like walking between closely-growing
trees with the branches scratching her face.

Its hands come to rest on each of her knees, and then slide slowly up
her thighs. She can see them moving, but can barely feel them through
the kevlar chaps. But when its hands pass over the upper edge of the
kevlar, and it's just thin denim between the heavy pressure of its
fingers and her legs, she becomes suddenly aware of just how close
those fingers are to her pussy.

She can't help herself. The combination of fear and wonder, breathless
hyperventilation, and the sheer unreality of it all come together and
somewhere deep inside her, her animal self betrays her. She can feel
her panties getting wet.

She lets out a long breath, something like a sigh almost becoming
a moan.

At this, the hands stop their motion up her legs and again become
perfectly still. The creature raises one hand from her and over her
head. It clamps onto one of the thick vines and pulls with a particular
twisting motion, and as if the vines were control lines in some great
mechanism of stage craft, they responded together, lifting her and
pulling her legs apart.

The creature moves closer to her. His hand on her leg shifts position
and suddenly grips her with a slow unstoppable strength --- the kind
with which great boulders are split by roots. She can feel its fingers
lashed all the way around her leg, squeezing under the line of her ass
through her heavy work pants. The grip is so strong, and so tight, and
so close to her pussy that almost involuntarily she rolls her hips,
trying to grind the smallest piece of herself against that huge
strength. She closes her eyes.

The gripping force clamping her leg and her ass begins to move. It has
waves to it. Slow waves, like the wind in the trees. Those waves push
against her pussy, slip and slide and wash over her clit. Its arm
becomes like a hydraulic line pumping fluid pressure from his body
into hers. She grinds herself against that pressure and opens her
eyes as she begins to cum to find the edges of her vision have gone
black, and her whole sight filled with this enormous fairy-book
creature. Her orgasm churned though her like a fast-moving williwaw.

[//]: # (Resume past tense)
The creature stood up to its full height, staring down at her. The
faeries, which for a while had seemed to have lost interest and
fluttered off into the woods, suddenly swarmed around him again,
darting to and fro frantically. For a moment, it again stood completely
motionless, contemplating her. Then, it moved one huge open hand toward
her in a slow fluid motion. She watched with frightened eyes. The hand
tangled itself in the vines in a curious way. The vines pulled against
the hand for a moment, and then she felt the vines relax their grip on
her. She dropped the short distance to the ground.

She scrambled backwards from it, trying to gain her feet. But the
creature suddenly had a speed she hadn't seen yet. Its motions were
still very fluid and smooth as it caught her narrow waist with both of
its hands and lifted her. It lifted her high up into the air, and laid
her across its shoulder, pinning her under one massive unyielding horny
hand, and turned to move towards the darkest part of the forest.

With this, she could no longer muster her bravery, and she screamed
--- long and loudly, for help.

The creature did not seem to notice or care. The faeries flitted
around their heads, arcing back and forth in long, quick movements.

_To be continued..._

## Part II

---

#### Back to Joshua?
[A quick interlude maybe]
+ Joshua hears her scream
	+ [X] Joshua is still on the slope, when he hears a faint and far-off echoing scream.
	+ [X] He pauses for a moment --- trying to hear more/better
	+ [X] There is nothing, but he is deeply unsettled and starts moving more quickly down the ROW; plowing through thorny weeds that pull at his chaps
		[subtly --- the plants are trying to slow him]

---

They moved through the woods at a fantastic pace. The woods became
denser, and darker, and blacker. The creature traveled with such long
smooth strides that she had something of the sense of flying, perched
as she was high in the air on its shoulder. The ground passed below
her in a blur of unvaried speed. The air was heavy and damp, and the
woods teemed with life. Everywhere she looked some movement of bug,
snake, or other diminutive forest creature caught her eye.

She lost track of time, and couldn't judge how long they had traveled
like this. It was long enough that she was sore from being unable to
move from the creature's shoulder. It was also long enough that her
initial paroxysm of fear had started to fade. Trapped powerless in
it's grip, curiosity was getting the better of her. At least for the
moment.

The relentless wall of trees suddenly fell away from her, and the
creature slowed and stopped in a clearing. Out from under the canopy
of woods, she could see the day had progressed, and the sun was
setting somewhere out over the woods and hills where she couldn't see
it. The sky over her head was a particular shade of orange, streaked
with gray clouds. 

The creature sets her gently down on the mossy ground. The clearing is
nearly perfectly circular, ringed with the densely pack trees that
grew right up to the edge of the clearing, which was ringed with tall
grasses. The clearing itself seemed to be a floor of stone, covered
with soft mosses. It was slightly domed, as if it were the peak of
some ancient and buried mound. A quietly bubbling stream of clear
water ran along one edge.

The creature crossed the clearing to the stream, and stooped at the
edge. It cupped one of its huge hands and scooped up a huge drought of
water, which it poured into its open maw in the way one would pour water
from a pitcher. After drinking its fill, it cupped one last massive
bowl of water from the stream and strode back towards her. Its fingers
pressed together formed such a tightly sealed vessel, that it spilled
no more than a few drops in crossing the clearing.

It's eyes met hers as it came to her, lowering its handful of sloshing
liquid to the level of her chest. It stood perfectly still, and the
water settled to a glassy smooth surface below her eyes. She could see
herself reflected in it. She pulled her cap off and tossed it to the
side. She looked up to meet the creatures eyes, and lowered her lips
to the pool of water, immersed her chin, and took a long drink. The
water was clear and cold, and utterly refreshing. It tasted of black
earth, and green growing things, and was ever so slightly sweet. She
had not realized how thirsty she had become.

When she lifted her head, the fingers split apart and the remaining
water drained from between them.

[//]: # (shift to present-tense here?)

It's hand swings forward in a slow pendular motion and touches her
stomach, just below her breasts. The tips of its long fingers move over
her belly, and along the top of her leg. She smiles up at the creature,
its eyes focus on her own with unwavering intensity. She takes its hand
in both of her own, and guides it. Down between her legs and up the
inside of her thigh.

[//]: # (Goddamn it, she has to take her climbing harness off
first...)
Liza undoes her jeans, and drops them down a little, just below the
curve of her ass, enough to make it easier to slip her own hand down
the front of her white panties, where she moves it with a certain
rhythm. The knuckles of her fingers create small whitecap waves in
the thin fabric, and the creature focuses its eyes on this movement,
transfixed. Its hand comes up to rest gently over hers, and through her
panties she can feel its hand mirroring every move of her own fingers,
as if trying to learn some arcane gesture by which the fabric of the
universe is manipulated.

Her fingers come up wet and glistening to take its woody hand and guide
its fingers down the front of her panties to take the place of her own.
The touch is cold and hard, but also pulsing with life. Its fingers find
her place, that _exact_ place --- that so often plays an elusive game
--- and the movements of its fingers come to a rhythm that precisely
matches the odd musical time of her heart.

She fills her lungs, and the air is clean and bright and makes this
unreal situation so very real to her. She closes her eyes and sighs.
The creature's hand tightens on her, and she feels it lift her up.
It holds her effortlessly in the air before it. Her legs dangle, the
cuffs of the heavy chaps slipping down over her boots. It looks at her,
concentrating on her, apparently trying to focus its attention and
desires on her, and her alone. 

[//]: # (As if it is about to give a soliloquy?)

The creature's fingers plug into her --- maybe inside her? She cannot
tell because now it is like she is a branch grown from limb of its arm.
It pumps life into her and she needs its life to live. Her panties are
ripped to shreds by the movement of its enormous rough hand. She grasps
its wrist and clings on tightly. She arches back, convulsing on the end
of its outstretched arm. Her orgasm passed up from her toes, through
the taut muscles of her calves and thighs, pounding past her pussy
and plugging into her spine. It releases up through the curves of her
heaving breasts and spills out of the sparking points of her nipples and
the tips of her finger, out into the fading light of the sky.

It lowers her slowly back to the ground, as she leans over clutching
its arm. Her breath comes in long deep waves. Her pointing toes
touch the ground first and she rolls off its arm onto the soft moss.
It withdraws its hand from between her legs, its fingers shining with
the liquid of the stream that flowed through her.

She lay on the mossy floor of the clearing, feeling the warm life of the
ground seep up through her clothes and into her body. Liza gazed up at
the creature who once again stood completely motionless, towering above
her. It watched her breathing, her heart rate gradually slowing so
that it no longer pounded in her ears, and the quiet of the clearing
lay gently over her. 

Having recovered somewhat, she sits up and leans back, her hands on
the ground behind her to support her as she takes in the full height of
this being. From her vantage near the ground the long shadows of the
late day gave her an even greater perception of the height of the
creature.  It stood with some kind of dynamic tension, static and
unmoving, but wound with tremendous slow strength. It's thick legs
rose up from the ground near her to meet its narrow trunk of a torso
which spread upwards to a broad chest. The corrugated armor plates of
bark-like material that covered most of its exterior look cold and
hard in this light. But the bright green under-layer that seemed to
grant the creature movement almost seemed to glow with a light of its
own. With a long swing of it's arm it brought its hand up and began to
stroke its beard with a slow rasping sound.

Liza almost begins to feel dizzy staring up like this, and so she
stands to try to level the difference. On her feet, she only comes up
to the crotch of his legs, her eyes level with the intricate layers of
petals that came together in that spot. She looks up at him, and now
he moves, his head inclines just slightly and his great shining eyes
meet hers.

She puts out her hand, and the tips of her fingers meet the cold bark
armor of his thighs. She drags her fingers along, tracing out the paths
and cracks that seem to track and map some forgotten land, perhaps some
hellscape the thing has known and come through in a time before humanoid
memory. Her fingers come to rest gently upon the soft overlaid petals
where its legs come together. Her eyes never leave his --- silently
making sure she has his permission --- as the tips of her finger slip
under the petals, exploring, unsure what could be there.

She feels a movement, and into her hand come a stem, smooth and thick.
It uncurls to her touch, passing through her hand and extending to stand
out from the relaxing petals. She wraps her hand around it and slides up
the length of it. And length there is --- almost as long as her arm, and
easily as thick as her wrist, with a bulbed anther on the end. It comes
forth from its iridescent base of petals and it is an opalescent milky
white. The otherworldly reproduction tool of the sex organs of a flower.

He doesn't move at her touch, but his eyes follow hers in an uncanny
way, as if he is interested in nothing but her, and only through
what he can read in her eyes. It takes all of her will to break his gaze
and she leans over and kisses the white stamen gently with her eyes
closed. With both hands open she runs her palms up the sides of it,
barely caressing the cold walls with her warm hands. She parts her lips
and touches her tongue to it and finds a fresh flavor, clean and barely
present. Somehow it tastes healthy. She slides her tongue slowly up the
shaft and parts her lips as her mouth encompasses the end of it. The
difference in their heights is such that she has to come up onto her
toes slightly to reach her lips to the end of this white branch that
floated in the air at her eye level.

And now she looks up to find his eyes again, which look like they
never left hers. With her mouth over the end of this long white shaft,
Liza moves her tongue back and forth against the underside of the tip,
sucking gently. She's not even sure to what end. He is so alien it is
impossible to even know what he might find pleasurable. But he certainly
is not turning her away. One of his huge woody hands comes up and rests
heavily on her small shoulders.

She is warm. Without removing her lips from the bulb that fills her
mouth, she pulls her arms through the loops of her sleeveless t-shirt
and bunches it down around her waist. Her nostrils flare as she
breathes through them, inhaling the clean scent of his stamen. She
reaches her hands behind her back, and undoes the clasp of her bra.
She slips the loops from her shoulders and tosses it to the edge of
the clearing. Her breasts rise to meet the cool air. She puts one hand
on his shaft and the other cups a breast like someone reaching for an
apple. She lets her nipple push between her fingers, and she applies
the slightest twisting pressure. The fullness in her mouth and the
twinge in her breast come together and flow down her to her pussy.

She wraps her hand around his shaft and moves it along the length of it.
Her tongue presses against the bottom side of it, and from her nose she
blows warm air over the shaft. He finally breaks eye contact with her
and leans back, looking up at the banded early-evening sky.

She feels the shaft stiffen in a fluid-static premonition. She takes her
lips from it, and both hers hands pass up the length of it pulling it
gently towards her face. Just as her hands come up to the bulbous end,
it jumps in her hand and from the end of it spurts forth a blizzard of
fine white sticky powder. The largest portion of it snows down on the
curve of her breasts through a cloud of finer particles that remained
floating around her head.

She sneezes.

The sticky substance spreads over her, powdering her a dry ivory color.
The faeries, glowing an ever brighter shade of yellow-green as the light
dims, suddenly swooped down towards her, and flutter everywhere about
her in gentle but erratic movements. Their wings stir up the fine powder
into a small dust cloud and it sticks to them, and they in turn return
and stick it to her. They swarm around her pussy in particular, like
pollinators making sure to distribute their seminal package widely. She
raised her arms and closed her eyes letting herself be immersed in the
warm soft wind of their wings and the minor tempest they raised. Liza
became aware that some of the faeries around her waist were making a
quick snapping sound, and she looked down to see them chewing through
what remained of her clothes. Even the kevlar material of her chaps
passed through their sharp mandibles as if they were tin snips.

[//]: # (Shit, where do her boots come off?)

When the action of the faeries slowed, she stepped back from them and
they hovered around. Dozens of faeries and one enormous fairybook
creature looked at her, as if judging their work. She was left
completely naked, except for the white dusting that spread from her
chin to her thighs. This thin covering somehow made her feel both
vulnerable and reassured at the same time. Vulnerable because she was
leaving behind any sense of civilization and the comforts it offered.
Reassured because the warm soft pollen made her feel that the woods
were welcoming her to their most secret worlds.

She stepped from the ragged pile of her clothes and lay down on the
moss, which seemed to grow ever warmer though the darkening sky
suggested it must be getting colder. The creature comes to her, and
kneeling down, passes his hands over over, leaving the palms white like
the chalked hands of a rock climber. This has the effect of making his
touch softer, and somehow warmer. One hand touches her pussy, and he
seeks and finds her place once again. Pleasure passes from his hand up
through her and escapes from her in a long moan. She spreads her
knees.

He rises over the top of her, like a black cloud blocking out the sun.
His long stiff stamen brushes against the soft insides of her thighs.
She is soaked through as the bulbous end of it presses against her. As
it enters into her she almost involuntarily raises her feet into the
air. She spreads her legs as wide as she can, hoping that might help
her accommodate this challenge being put to her. She is being split
wide, divided like some biblical sea before the power of an ancient
god. She holds her breath and the creature exhales his cool oxygenated
breath and it settles downward and spreads over her body. Slowly, ever
so slowly, he pushes into her, and her seas are spread wider and wider,
until finally, finally they begin to inch back toward each other, and
he is inside her. It's like the weight of an entire wood --- of ancient
time, bearing down onto her. It is irresistible, a force of nature, like
a hurricane, and she is helpless under it.

And now he is rising up into her. And she knows there is no end to that.
She puts her hand out and touches the hard bark plating of his stomach.
He must feel it though because he slows, and rears back. On his knees,
he looks up to the sky, and he is like the tallest of trees above her.

His long stamen stretches down and into her as she lays on her back. And
even though the length of it caused Liza fear, she still wants more. She
is just barely able to hook her heels around his thighs, but she does
so and even tries to pull him closer. She lifts her hips, and his shaft
slips slightly further into her. The intensity of this sensation is such
that it forces her to moan loudly, and he looks down at her in response,
apparently pleased.

Barely able to contain him, she begins to fuck him like this, rolling
her hips and up and down. With each movement she tries to take even more
of his infinitely long stamen into her. She continually pulls against
him with her heels. She wants the impossible --- she wants all of him.

She holds her tits in her hands, and each time she raises her hips,
she lets out a gasping moan that reaches up to the night sky. She
loses track of time, content to continue forever to attempt to
overcome this impossible challenge and take all of him into her. Above
them the faeries blink on and off like huge bright fireflies. They
create a living pattern of warm light against the static background of
the cold light of stars peaking out at them.

His massive hands come down and under her back. Gently he raises her,
up into the air as he stands, without ever letting the end of his
stamen slip from her. Her back arches across his hands. She moves her
hips in the air, feeling the breeze under her ass. She fucks him like
a wild thing, her hips gyrating in the air with in a pattern designed
to call forth ancient and arcane power. She screams her pleasure out
to the tops of the trees, and it rings out in the silence of the woods
around her. A warm breeze comes up and the trees surrounding the
clearing bow down to the tableau they form.

While still supporting her on one hand, he wraps his other around his
stamen, fully able to hold the base of it while it remains deep
inside her. His fingers behind her back grip her, and lift her. He
pushes her down on his shaft and a crack cleaves through her lust. Her
eyes water, and she slams her hips around wildly in the air as she
cums. His hand gripping his shaft clenches tightly, and she feels
it throb inside her. And as he unleashes a deep cool breeze of breath
over her body, he also fills her pussy with warm and expanding powder.

He pulls her from his stamen, and again with a poof, sticky powder
filling the air. It is shooting from the end of his stamen like a cloud
streaming from the sharp peak of an atmosphere-scraping mountain. It
fills her nostrils, spills down over her breasts, and massive amounts of
it snow inches deep on her belly, the tops of her thighs, and over her
pussy.

He lays her gently onto the moss and the faeries sweep towards her. They
swarm, fluttering over her nipples, her belly and between her legs. The
continually make whirlwind landings on her soft mound, and snap and
wave against her clit. She again thinks of pollinators, and of what
that "cum" might be doing inside her womb.

[//]: # (Resume past tense)

She laid back on the warm moss and closed her eyes. Exhausted, she
drifted off to sleep, with those busy pollinators still gently
stirring the air against her body.

---

#### Back with Joshua
+ [X] Joshua gets to the place where she turned off into the woods
+ [X] Sees her footprints sinking into the muck, and follows them
+ [X] He sees the vines closing in ahead, and fires up his chainsaw
+ [Here is the scene with joshua charging into the vines with the chainsaw]
+ Don't forget the ground is soft and squishy here too.
	(Maybe he sinks in further --- because he is heavier)

---

A warm breeze woke her a couple of hours later. It was now fully dark,
and a bright three-quarters moon lit the clearing with a cold blue
light. Except for herself, the clearing was empty. The creature was not
there nor were the faeries, though she could occasionally see the lights
of them moving around off in the woods beyond the clearing. Their cool
yellow-green glow standing out sharply from the blue and gray shades of
the dark trees.

She stood and stretched her arms up to the night sky, spreading her
fingers and shaking out her sore muscles. A vast spread of photons
from the sun on the other side of the Earth passed her by, bounced off
the moon and sped through the atmosphere stripping off colors until
only blueish-white remained. These photons bombarded the clearing, and
bounced off the white dusting that coated her with such energy that she
fairly glowed in the darkness. The effect was such that she became an
apparition as the light excitedly reflected from some parts of her body
more than other. The shape of her face stood out against the streaks of
her hair that hung down to her shoulders. The tops of her breasts arced
and curved shaping an enticing pattern of shadows. They cut into space
in exactly the opposite way that the curve of her torso gave in to
space. Her belly was a small arch that bridged down to the place where
two faint shadows of lines pointed toward the brightly glowing mound
between her legs. The dusting faded across her thighs so that her legs
remained in the dark. An observer from outside of the clearing would
have the impression that she was floating in it.

As soon as she stood, a few of the faeries rose up from the woods and
passed over her head, circling slowly above her, bright yellow stars
successfully making progress against the tide of the firmament. 

She floated across the clearing. She kneeled at the quietly tinkling
brook and scooped two handfuls of water. It was ice cold and raised
her mind up to somewhat less of a dreamstate. She stood and traced her
way slowly around the edge of the clearing where the longer grass
grew.

About half way around, a glowing streak of white in the grass caught
her eye. She crouched, and took it from the grass --- a long narrow rib
bone, perfectly cleaned. She slid her fingers along it, feeling the
smooth but uniquely textured quality of a stripped bone. She put her
hand out and parted the grass, and saw that on the ground between the
grass there were many more rib bones scattered about. Pushing further,
among them she found the long column of small dorsals that formed the
spine. And at one end, half-immersed in the weedy loam, the pale dome
and the dark sockets of a human skull.

She stood quickly, dropping the rib in the grass.

She turned, and started running to the place where they had first
entered the clearing, intending to strike out in that direction and
hope to eventually find the power line right-of-way --- her way out.

But as she came up the far edge of the clearing, dozens of faeries
swarmed in front of her. They swooped and dove aggressively around her,
snapping mandibles loudly and following her with bead-black eyes. She
stood facing them for a moment and then backed up slowly from the edge
of the clearing. As she did so, the faeries calmed down and gradually
dispersed back into the dark of the woods.

She moved to the center of the clearing and laid down. For many hours
she watched the light of the faeries off in the woods, but eventually
the calm of the night and the exhaustion overcame her and she fell
back asleep.

---

#### Joshua death scene
[See notes from planning file]

---

The birds were going wild. Screeching whistles and harsh caws stood
out against a continuous cacophony of birdsong like someone was trying
to play all the elements of a complex fugue at once, in an arrangement
for rusty lifeguard whistles --- at maximum volume. The piece pierced
her dreams and eventually overcame them, and Liza awoke. The clearing
was still empty, the creature had not returned, though occasionally
she watched a faerie fluttering across the sky above her; in daylight
looking far less magical and far more like a huge buzzing insect.

It was still extremely early in the morning, the sky was just starting
to lighten, but overhead hung low, black clouds from which poured down
torrents of rain. But whether the rain was being blown off by some
high, hard wind, or some other strange atmospheric phenomenon was at
play, only a few drops seemed to weave their way down into the
clearing.

It seemed to Liza that she should be cold, laying naked on the ground
in an exposed clearing, especially early in the morning. She had always
disliked mornings --- they always seemed inescapably cold. Yet she
was warm on this morning. Warmth seemed to radiate up from the mossy
clearing. Perhaps there was some kind of geological activity under it.
Maybe that rising warmth was also responsible for pushing the rain off.

She lay back on the moss with her eyes closed for a while, trying to
puzzle out the insane birdsong. After some time, a shift in the light
falling across her closed eyes told her that something had moved into
the clearing. Opening her eyes she sees he has returned. The faeries had
formed an energetic, buzzing swarm around something in the grass at the
edge of the clearing at the point where he had entered. With his soft
heavy movements, he crossed the clearing towards her. 

With a strong, but nearly silent, rush of air, he bent down to kneel
before her, his eyes level with hers. He opened one of his huge hands,
and in his palm were two green ovaloid fruits of some kind. She took
them from his hand. They were soft and supple, and filled the curve of
the palms of her small hands perfectly. The texture of them, and the
way they skin of the fruit gave under the pressure of her fingers
reminded nothing so much as her own breasts when she was a young
woman.

The fruits are not something she's seen before. She held them up and
smelled them, and they smelled sweet, complex, and tropical. She was
very hungry at this point, and quickly dug her nails into the soft
skin. Sticky juice immediately ran down her fingers and pooled in her
palm before starting a long, slow course down her forearm. She peeled
back the skin and the flesh of the fruit was soft and ripe, and bright
yellow, cradling a few large smooth seeds. She put a chunk of the fruit
to her lips and found it was somehow both creamy and tangy. She quickly
consumed one of the fruits, spitting out the big seeds as she came to
them, and throwing pieces of the skin cleaned down to stripes of her
teeth, into the grasses at the edge of the clearing.

The sticky juice from the fruit ran down her chin and dripped onto her
breasts, mixing with the powdered dusting that covered her. The
creature, seeing that she was cared for, erected himself with his long
smooth movement and turned to the center of the clearing. There he stood
without motion, as if he were some forest ancient who had called all
the nutrients from the extent of his limbs into him, and deprived any
younger growth from thriving in the clearing.

The second fruit she consumed more slowly. She focused on the taste,
how it combined the fatty richness of custard with the sweet tang of
a mango. She absent-mindedly wandered around the edge of the clearing
until she came to the busy swarm of faeries gathered around some
weight that displaced the long grass. She couldn't see what it was for
all the faeries swarming around it, there must have been hundreds of
them. She waved at them with her hand, and a few of them snapped angrily
at her, but gave a little fluttering to one side. As they backed off,
she could see the wet, white fresh bones of a human hand.

She inhaled sharply, the flavor of the fruit filling her lungs. She
kicked at the faeries and a few more gave way to her and she could see
the kevlar chaps and blaze-orange vest she knew so well. These were
undoubtedly the bones of Joshua, her friend, stripped clean by these
monstrous faeries and their vicious sharp mandibles. She stood staring
at them, completely naked and dusted white, her hair matted and knotted,
the fruit in her hand with its juices running down her arm.

She took another bite of the fruit.

Liza slowly stepped backwards, feeling the comfort of the warm moss
beneath her feet. She turned and there was the creature, standing
above her. Holding the half-eaten fruit in one hand, she put her arm
around his waist. When she did so, his rough, hard hand came down and
rested heavily and comfortingly on her shoulder. 

[//]: # (shift to present-tense here?)
She tosses what is left of the fruit off into the woods, and slides her
hand up his inner thigh and under his concealing petals. His stamen
comes erect and fresh into her hand, rising up for her. Liza leans
over and kisses it, his fresh scent mixing with the lingering sweet,
creamy tanginess of the fruit. She puts her small hand on the other
side of the massive branch and runs her lips and tongue along the
length of it, with her hand sliding against the other side.

The creature leans his head back and released a long exhale of air up
into the atmosphere above them. Liza takes his hand in hers, and
gently pulls him down to her, and he comes where he is bidden, down to
his knees with his long stamen pulsing with life in the air before
him.

Liza turns from him, and her eyes are up, watching the movement of the
forest, as she bends over offering herself to him. She reaches behind
herself, and his floating white stamen comes into the palm of her
little hand. She grips it, and guides it, leaning backwards so that
she is pushing him into her. This time it feels totally natural, as if
she had adapted to the size of him. Instead of being split open, the
hole in her is filled up. She is made whole.

His rough scraping hands slide along her soft, smooth ass, and over
the curve of her body. It finds one of her breasts and holds it
tightly in its horny grip. His other hand comes around her hip and
between her legs, and the tip of his long finger finds her clit. He
connects to her, and his growing life is flowing into her pussy.

Liza reaches her arms out in front of her, spreading her fingers wide.
His touch and the growing, filling life he puts into her drives energy
through her body and makes her limbs grow like the branches of a tree.

He fucks her full of this life, and it spreads through her in
a delicious numbing tingle until it reaches her fingertips. She lowers
her hands to the ground, almost bending double. The warm moss is soft
against her hands, and bent over like this she can take even more of
his length into her. Her juices run from her and slide down his length
until he glistens in the morning light. The force of him flows from
him up into her body and escapes her mouth in a screaming orgasm, so
loud that even the faeries are disturbed, momentarily lifting up and
fluttering around over their heads above the clearing.

Still Bent over, Liza's half-open eyes come to rest on the climbing
harness she had dropped the night before. She comes up off his limb
and crawls across the moss on her hands and knees towards it as he
watches her. When she reaches it, she rests for a minute, catching her
breath. He remains still, on his knees, his fluid-hardened white
branch rising in the air before him.

Liza stands, and steps into the harness. She pulls the belt up and
fastens it around her waist. The support straps she passes through her
legs and she pulls the strap that tightens them up under the curve of
her ass. Arrayed in this gear, she picks up the webbed climbing strap
and walks toward him. The cold metal of the big carabiner that hung
from the front of the belt smacks against her naked abdomen with
every step. She stands before him, and reaches up and slings the
climbing strap around his trunk. She snaps the loops of the climbing
harness to her belt and puts one foot against his body. Leaning back,  
the climbing strap goes taught, and she feels her weight taken up
by her harness. She puts her other foot up against his body and now she
stands suspended by the strap and her feet pressing against him, her
legs spread a little apart.

He stands, smoothly and quickly, with almost no effort, as if her
added weight were no more than that of a small child. Their eyes are
now at the same level and they lock together. His stamen comes up
hard, and from her pussy a few drops of her sticky sweet juice fall to
the mossy ground. He slides into her, his cold breath falling all over
her body and giving her small goosebumps, and tweaking her sensitive
nipples to an aroused state.

She is flying on his giant limb. Her back arched, her arms stretch out
above her. Her breasts float up and down as if blown by the cool
breeze of his breath across her. Her stomach muscles go taught and
hard, showing delicate curves within curves, the result of the hard
work of her life. 

His breath stirs the treetops, and her gasps scuttle the insects on
the forest floor. Their eyes close, and she passes from consciousness
into a dizzy dream, where she is nothing more than the leaf of a tree,
dependent on it for nutrients, and her greatest pleasure is to return
to her tree energy that she converted from sunshine. She turns bright
green, and then gold, then red, then brown. She withers and falls
from him.

---

[//]: # (Resume past tense)
Liza did not know how long she remained out there in the dark heart of
that wood. She quickly lost track of time. Her waking hours were spent
with him, at least when he was in the clearing. There were sessions
that went on for the largest part of the day. He never seemed to grow
impatient or tired, and she could not find a bottom to her desires and
her pleasure. The more he fucked her the more she wanted, and the more
she wanted the more he gave her. Over and over again he would cum with
his powdery seminal germ, filling her up, or dusting it all over her.
Every time he did, the faeries would get excited and flutter all over
and around her, spreading the pollen-like dust on her. Other than that,
the faeries mostly animated the nighttime with their lights, and she
didn't see much more of them.

A number of days went by, possible weeks. Liza was losing her ability to
measure the world by human standards. Her life was instead marked only
by the coming of darkness or light, the creature bringing her fruit to
eat, or the orgasms that penetrated the core of her being.

One morning she awoke and the creature was not there. Sometimes he
left, and she didn't like to think about why he did or where he went.
But this particular morning seemed different. It was quieter, stiller.
As she took her morning sip from the stream she realized what it was
--- the faeries were not there either. Not hovering over the clearing,
or in the sky above her, or off fluttering in the woods. She had
gotten so used to them that she didn't realize how constant a presence
they were until they were gone.

She wandered across the clearing, and stepped over the tall grass
expecting at any moment to be harassed by dozens of snapping faeries.
But they didn't come. She walked a bit into the dark shade of the
woods. Still they weren't there. She looked back at the clearing that
was warm with sunlight and soft with moss, and she looked at the woods
that were dark and cool, and the sharp sticks of the forest floor that
scraped and pressed into her bare feet. And then she started walking.

She walked for hours through the silent shadowy forest. She had no
idea where she was going, but she knew what she was looking for ---
the power line right-of-way. If should could find the ROW, it would
eventually lead her back to civilization.

She stumbled across loose rocks and fallen trees. She cut her legs and
feet on sharp branches and thorns. She pushed through cobwebs and
unsavory looking greasy plants that grew close to the ground. Late in
the afternoon, she saw light ahead breaking the never-ending shadows
of the woods, and she fell out under the open sky of the right-of-way.

This was such a relief she didn't even pause to think about which way
to walk, she just started walking up the ROW. A couple of hours later
she spied in the distance a dark figure also following the ROW, and he
calls out to her. She sits down in the grass in relief and waits for
the forest ranger to come help her.

---

The weeks that went by after that were strange for Liza, as she
readjusted to being back among humans. She kept most of what happened
to herself, only sharing that she had gotten lost and confused in the
woods, and had started hallucinating from hunger. She wasn't sure
herself this wasn't actually the whole truth. The whole experience
seemed so dreamlike. But if it was a hallucination, what happened to
Joshua?

There had been search parties sent out looking for her and Joshua the
very evening they disappeared, but the heavy rains had flooded the whole
lower part of valley, and the search parties were forced to very limited
ground searches for almost a week. They had given up hope and were
just going through routine follow-up when they found her following the
right-of-way. Joshua's remains were never found.

Weeks later, Liza felt she need to tell someone about what happened to
her, or at least what she thought had happened to her. She invited her
friend Darlene out to lunch, and laid it all out for her.

"So that's your story? Do you think that really happened? Or did you
hallucinate it?" Darlene asked her when she had finished.

"I don't know. It feels like I was a different person --- actually a
different kind of living thing entirely --- while I was there. Like when
people talk about an out-of-body experience."

"So you escaped from an out-of-body experience?"

"That's the thing... I didn't 'escape' I just walked away. As if it
were just _time_ for me to return, and they knew that. At least, that's
what I thought at first, but as of today I think maybe it was something
different."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, this morning... I had this feeling. And I tried a pregnancy
test..."

"You're _pregnant_!?"

"Maybe. I feel like I am. But if I am, it is that creature's baby... and
maybe the creature and faeries knew that... and they let me go."

"Why would they do that?"

"Maybe this is how they have always reproduced, they live on the edge of
human societies, and have some kind of relationship with us. They ARE
us, just a different branch, like Neanderthals... except somehow mixed
with plants."






