---
title: Tremble the Flowering Wood
tags: ['Fiction', 'Sexuality', 'Erotica For Women']
status: draft
---



"I don't like this."

"Jeezus. Here we go again — you do this every time we have to go out in
the field. We are power line inspectors; we inspect power lines. That's
our job — someone has to inspect them, and those someones are us."

"You mean you. You really shouldn't do these inspections alone..."

"Oh come on. You're always holding on to some old-fashioned idea about
what 'women's work' is..."

"It's not that... It's that we're supposed to walk the right-of-ways as
a team — because it's remote — and if someone gets hurt the other can
go get help. The buddy-system. It's company policy."

"Aww, you need to be my buddy Joshua?"

Liza let the clutch out and the old truck caught a lower gear as the
county road started to climb. Joshua dangled one arm out the open
passenger-side window in the warm breeze. A cigarette hung from his
fingers, burning quickly in the wind.

"I just don't like you going into such remote areas by yourself —
particularly this time."

"Every two weeks we're in the field, and every two weeks it's the
same thing — you start in with some fear of whatever place the
right-of-way happens to run through: 'I don't know Liza, I've heard
about rattlesnakes up there'; 'I don't know Liza, those ravines are
pretty steep.' Hell, you once 'didn't know' because you heard there were
a bunch of hippies smoking pot up in the woods."

"You can't trust those hippies. Or hipsters. Or whatever they're
called these days. But, you know, this particular ROW runs through all
that swampy bottomland area, even more out-there than our usual runs.
...There's weird stories..."

"What? You mean like with those kids a bunch of years back? Sheesh Joshua!
Those are just stories farmers tell to keep bored teenagers out of their
fields at night. ...Hang on a second."

She pulled the truck to a stop and hopped out of the cab, leaving the
door open. She ran around the truck, quickly locking the hubs before
climbing back in. She popped it into four-wheel drive and turned onto
a fire road that led more steeply uphill.

"Look, it's the same as every other time. I'll just hike down the line,
complete our right-of-way inspection, and hike back out. No problem. I
have the radio, as usual, if anything goes wrong."

"It's like 8 miles, it's going to take you most of the day."

"The whole day. Ya. Alone in the wilderness. I can't wait!"

"I really should go with you. That's how the job is _supposed_ to work."

"I know, but you're just too old and fat."

"I'm only four years older than you!"

"Yeah, but you're fat and slow. You should never have had kids! You
totally got the dad-bod going on. Look, we won't make it back before
dark if you go. And the company only has these team policies for
insurance reasons. The rules come down from insurance companies about
how they want things done, but everyone does the work in the way that
actually gets things done. It's the way of the world these days."

Joshua smoked his cigarette quietly as they bumped up the fire road. The
engine noisily torqued them up the steep slope. The fire road gashed a
few miles through a landscape of scrubby trees in a straight line up the
hill. The power line right-of-way intersected this fire road at the top
of the hill. It was going to be an uncomfortably bumpy ride for a little
while yet.

"OK look, just be careful out there. Make sure you check in on the
radio regularly."

"Don't I always? Fuck the company, we have our own process for this,
and you know it works."

"Yeah, but it only has to not work one time."

The truck ground its way to the top of the hill and Liza pulled off
into the clearing under the power lines. The truck pushed into the
deep green grass that was always growing up quickly between their
visits. They sat quietly for a minute looking out at the unquestionably
pleasant view. The engine of the old truck ticked as it cooled.

The power lines arced overhead across the fire road, draped from one
huge gantry to another. The open steel structures marched off into the
distance down the hill, arrayed like some race of antediluvian giants
prepared to hold a line in battle. They ran perpendicular to the fire
road for miles out across the swampy bottom land. Down there, off in the
distance, the air was cooler and mists hovered quietly in patches.

She got out of the truck, opened the tailgate, and pulled her gear
towards her. Methodically running through a semi-conscious checklist
in her head, she prepped her gear. She pulled kevlar chaps up over
the jeans the hugged tightly to the curves of her hips, and fastened
them to her belt. Over her belt went a climbing harness. She laced high
waterproof boots up over calves.

"Like lingerie for the apocalypse, huh?" Joshua winked at her. 

She punched him in the arm.

Liza unbuttoned the company shirt she was wearing and stripped it
off. It was too warm for a button-down today. She would go out in a
white sleeveless t-shirt that exposed her taut shoulders and arms.
It cut down low over the measured amplitude of her breasts, and let
some air pass down the gap between them. Over her shirt she laid the
company-mandated blaze-orange vest, which was decidedly unsexy.

Joshua lifted her pack. Its weight was not insignificant, loaded down as
it was with a gallon of water, a small gas-powered chainsaw, rain gear,
and an assortment of emergency gear. He held it up for her while she
looped her arms into the straps. She clipped a machete in its sheath to
her belt, and the two-way radio to the pack strap at her shoulder. She
pulled her light hair back into a pony tail and popped a company ball
cap on her head and dark glasses over her eyes.

"Alright, I'm off. Try not to have too much fun jacking-off without me."
She winked at him this time.

"It's a good thing you are one tough bitch, or I would really worry
about you."

"I'm glad your years of close experience with women allow you to
identify a tough bitch when you see one. Seriously Joshua, I'll be back
before ya know it."

"Don't forget to check in on the radio every hour."

"You got it honey."

He leaned against the truck and tapped a pale blue pack of cigarettes
against his palm as he watched her hike off down the right-of-way. In
the distance over the descending land, a belted sky of gray lay heavily
on top of the horizon.

He muttered to himself, "...some women find dad-bods hot you know."

*****

Away from the truck and from Joshua, it was silent. She stalked her way
down the slope of a rogue wave on a warm, wet sea of green. But she was
the only thing moving on this petrified seascape. The wind had died
away to nothing. The birds and insects seemed to have fled before her.
The only sound was the thorns and knotted grass scratching and pulling
against her chaps. And her own breath, loud in her ears, recycling the
moisture of the warm air. Far off down the hill she could see the top of
the tree canopy moving slightly in some breeze that chose not to bother
to come her way and relieve the sweat rapidly building on her skin.

She hiked under and past the towers clutching the heavy power lines in
their fists. The frozen giants did not dare to let the lines touch the
ground. One nice thing about ROW inspections, there was no chance of
getting lost. She just followed the lines into whatever lost world they
brought her, and was reassured to know they would always lead her back
out again.

The underbrush was thick and tight. In many places she had to whack at
it with her machete, and it slowly gave way before her as she cleaved
the wet green stalks. Their quiet, patient, reaching lives were
cut short with each swipe at a bright seeping spot of green. She
continuously checked the buffer — the distance between the power lines
and the encroaching plant growth that surrounded them — to make sure
the ever-closing trees maintained a respectful distance from the power
lines. She kept a sharp lookout for fast-growing invasive species like
honeysuckle and buckthorn.

Most of her job was just to observe and report back to the company the
state of the buffer. If the undergrowth got too high, she would report
it, and they would send someone out with a brush mower to cut it all
down, or spray herbicide. She carried the chainsaw and clippers in case
she saw something that was an immediate threat to the power lines, which
mostly meant sprouting trees. And there was one species in particular
that she consider her primary target: poplar.

Sure enough, a few miles down the slope, she finds a young poplar that
had already achieved ten feet or so under the power line by soaking up
the bright undiluted sun of the open buffer. She reached one hand behind
her head to her pack, and pulled out her light chainsaw. She ripped it
started with her free hand, throttled it up, and cut a small wedge out
of the tree in the direction she wanted it to fall. She brought the
blade around and made a quick slicing cut perpendicular to the tree. The
tree folded at the hinge she had made with a crackling death rattle. To
her small professional satisfaction, it collapsed with a crunching sigh
right along the line she had intended it to fall. 

In all the stillness the chainsaw was disturbingly loud, and she briefly
had the shuddering thought that anyone, or anything, that might be out
there now knew exactly where she was. She pulled the radio from her
shoulder and squeezed the transmitter.

"That's just about an hour honey. I'm still here. How are you doing?"

"Very funny. I'm bored shitless. I never really remember just how long
this takes. I'm pretty sure I heard a saw. You were taking something
down?"

"Yea, just another poplar."

"Poplar! Your mortal enemy — congratulations."

"Ha, thanks. I should be putting a little tree icon on my saw blade for
every one I take down, except I would run out of blade. Anyway, you
know this ROW is all downhill from where I started today, which means
the trip back up is going to be even slower than my hike out. Don't get
worried or anything, but I feel like I need to move a little faster to
make it back up there before dark. I'm gonna go on now."

"Alright. Keep an eye out for bigfoot."

"Ah, I forgot my camera. Out."

After a couple of hours of hiking downhill the land finally flattened
out and became swampier and wetter. The undergrowth was less dense, but
her feet sank into the soft, wet ground up to her ankles with every
step. It was too wet here for the tall grassy growth that covered the
hill. Instead there were just green, freshly-sprouted plants that were
trying to make a go of it on top of the mud.

The concrete pylons on which the wire gantries stood had a cold,
exposed, wet look. They seemed deeply misplaced in the swamp. Alien,
structural, and architectural, with their giant feet slammed down into
this soft and loamy landscape.

Without having to hack through thorny plants and grasses though, the
going was actually somewhat easier, and she moved across this bottomland
more quickly. In places depressions had allowed puddles to form, and
she navigated around these, intuitively not wanting her feet more wet
than they already were. She was about to step around one of these small
puddles when another just like it caught her eye in her peripheral
vision. No, it wasn't the second puddle that tweaked her attention, it
was a whole string of them, one after the other at regular intervals
leading off into the dense woods on her left. They were, she realized,
uncannily like giant footprints.

Not footprints like those of a bear or a mountain lion — these were
far too large. Each was about the size and shape a watermelon might
leave if fired into the earth by some kind of aerial cannon. Her first
thought was that this must be the work of a natural phenomenon; perhaps
the string of puddles reflected some underground rock feature, or the
busy work of a megalithic fungus.

Curiosity got the better of her, and she decided to follow the
"footprints" into the woods a little. Maybe she could figure out their
origin and have something curious to report out to Joshua over beers
later. The footprints led from somewhere far off in the woods on the
right, across the ROW and under the power lines, and continued deep
into the dense woods on the left. At least, that was the direction she
decided they were going in, based on no real evidence whatsoever, since
the footprints were just ovaloid holes without distinguishing features.

But safety first. Liza pulled her radio out again.

"Hey Joshua. I'm gonna check something out just off the ROW."

"What cha got?"

"Not sure exactly. Looks like some kind of real aggressive patch of
weeds growing this way. If so, I'll want to note it for herbicide app
later."

She didn't tell him about the footprints. They were just strange
enough to make her leery, and she didn't feel like explaining them
over the radio anyway.

"Yeah, sounds good. Just don't lose sight of the ROW."

"Never! It's my lifeline back to civilization! Out."

It felt good to get into the shade of the tree canopy and out of
the exposed heat of the artificial linear clearing. She popped her
sunglasses up on top of her cap, and her eyes adjusted. A few hundred
feet off of the right-of-way the character of the woods changed. They
became dense, dim, and swampy. Big loops of woody vines hung down from
the branches. In some places they climbed in knotty curls from the
ground as if stretching up their belly-crawling form to reach for the
height of the trees.

With every step Liza's feet sank into the swampy ground and stirred the
low cool mist that hung above the floor of the woods. The mist left damp
drops on her clothes that clung to her chaps like little crystalline
insects.

The gentle wind that stirred the tops of the trees above made the whole
understory sway. She heard the trees groan and clack as the breeze
above bent their bodies; and they knocked their arms together like
warriors psyching up for battle. Water dripped from the leaves, and
insects teemed in their thousands, disturbing the litter and mast of the
forest floor. She could hear the insects, and maybe frogs, buzzing and
chirping. And somewhere not far off she heard water trickling from a
small moving stream.

Tiny hovering bugs drifted around her and occasionally alighted on her
shoulders. Fortunately, they weren't mosquitoes, more like sweat bees;
remoras that traveled with her; companions to help her search, in
hopes of gaining a share of any bounty.

Some way in, off in the dimmest part of the forest ahead of her, a light
appeared.

It had the same cold yellow-green luciferase glow of a firefly, but it
was much too bright to be a firefly. It did hover for a moment, just
like a firefly, but then with an unnatural speed shot off to the right
a short way before resuming its hovering. She watched the light move
around for a minute or two out of pure curiosity. Then a second light
joined the first, moving with a similarly staccato manner. In a few
minutes there were maybe a dozen. She guessed that they are a few
hundred feet off in the darkest part of the woods. Almost without being
aware of it, Liza moved toward them.

The woods grew denser and drew closer. Her feet sank into the soft
ground even more, past her ankles. The going was slow. She pulled out
her machete and hacked her way through the most overgrown places. She
worked her way to a place where the heavy vines hung down in
intersecting loops all around her. With her machete raised, she
grabbed one of the thickest ones close to her. She did not know that
as her hand slid along the thick shaft of the vine it passed over two
of many tiny hairlike structures arrayed along its sinewy exterior.

The vine jolted in her hand. Tough woody tendrils wrapped around the
wrist of her hand that held the vine. She let out... not a scream, but
a noise of surprise. She dropped her machete. Instinctively, she yanked
her arm back towards her body, freeing herself from the tendril wrapped
around her wrist.

She turned, and took a step back towards the right-of-way, but the toe
of her boot caught under a thick root growing close along the ground.
She fell forward, into the looping arms of other vines. Vines were
everywhere. Roping limbs and tiny feelers crept up her legs, around
her arms. She tried to scream, but a vine wrapped around her chest,
just under her breasts, and squeezed the air from her lungs. The vines
circled her arms, her legs, and her torso. They twisted and pulled with
an alien force. She felt herself lifted, wrapped in thick, black, woody
bindings. She was raised a few feet off the ground, and hung there,
bound in air.

Panicking, she could hardly breathe. She took short, shallow breaths.
She looked around, trying to make sense of the situation, but her vision
was blurring. She knew she would pass out. Those lights that were off in
the woods approached her. Before she succumbed, she had a thought that
totally made sense in her half-conscious state: "Oh, the lights in the
woods were faeries."

*****

Joshua sat in the truck cab. Zeppelin was playing quietly on the radio,
coming in through a bit of static. He continually tapped the cigarette
pack against his palm. It had been well more than an hour since Liza had
told him she was going to check something out off the side of the ROW.
He tried the radio again.

"Come in Liza. Do you copy?"

Nothing.

"Shit." He said to himself. "I'm going to have to do something."

He pulled a cigarette and put it to his lips. He talked to
himself around the cigarette as he lit it.

"The thing is that it's getting to the part of the day where she needs
to tell me she's turning back — otherwise she might not make it back
before dark."

He pulled the lit cigarette from his lips, and it burned between his
fingers sending a thin stream of smoke up to the roof of the truck
cab. He stared up at the smoke curling over him.

"She's got lights with her. She'll be OK even if it does get dark." He
reassured himself. "If I start hiking down there, I'll almost certainly
run into her coming back up. And she'll be pissed at me for worrying."

He sucked at his cigarette.

"Fuck it."

He opened the door and hopped down from the truck, went around to the
back and pulled out his pack. He did a quick pass through it to check he
had the usual allotment of back-country gear — including the second,
much larger chainsaw strapped to the outside. Satisfied, he put on a
blaze-orange safety vest, threw the pack over his shoulders, and yanked
his own pair of kevlar chaps up over his jeans.

He tried to raise Liza on the radio one last time, but meeting nothing
but continued silence, he clipped the radio to his pack.

Before leaving, he opened the passenger-side door of the truck, and from
the glovebox pulled a .38 revolver, which he put into the pocket of the
orange safety vest. He looked at his cigarette pack — one third still
remained — and tossed it onto the seat of the truck.

He gazed out down the hill scanning the path of the ROW for a second,
and then started walking.

*****

Liza came to. The world resolved itself from darkness to light, and from
light to a tableau of ancient ancestors taking the form of trees who
all watched her expectantly. The vines felt as if they had loosened
somewhat, enough that she could breathe comfortably at least. But she
was not able to work a limb free.

The sun had moved behind the hills, leaving the woods even dimmer than
before. The trees shifted in the wind, as if they were excited about
something. Small birds hopped about and squirrels leaped from tree to
tree and made annoyed chittering noises. Insects crawled along the
ground, in numbers that turned it into a landscape of shifting motion.

Off in the dimmest part of the woods, the lights that she had last
remembered thinking were faeries were still floating above the ground.
Every once in a while, one or another of the lights would shoot off with
a swift motion in a long arc that left a glowing trail. She watched the
lights for a while. In her head, she tried to puzzle out a rational
explanation for the bizarre situation she found herself in.

One of the lights started moving towards her, quite rapidly. It flew at
her face like a projectile, and she flinched. But it stopped, hovering
in front of her. The thing before her had iridescent wings that buzzed
quickly. The wings were much like those of a dragonfly, but larger.
They supported something that was about the length of a large man's
hand. From it came light. A light similar in color and temperature to
a firefly, but it poured out from the whole body of this weird buzzing
thing. (Even, faintly, from its delicate wings.) This close to her face,
the light was so bright that she had trouble focusing on the source of
it. Still, she could see it had some kind of scaly exoskeleton for a
body that glowed greenish-gold. It had a few pairs of thin arms hugged
close to its chest area, but nothing she would call legs. While it
seemed most like a giant insect, there was something about the way it
moved its body that reminded her of mammals, maybe even humans. It was
somewhat like a small, floating, multi-armed mermaid.

It stared at her for a moment with black eyes that had a creepy
intelligence to them.

"Hmm. I don't know what you are," Liza said out loud to it, "but clearly
you are what storybook writers had in mind when they came up with
faeries."

It snapped a pair of sharp mandibles and disappeared back the way it
came from just as quickly as it arrived. Her eyes followed the receding
trail of light into the darkness of the woods, and she saw it join up
with other spots of light. Presumably more of these "faeries" were out
there.

The movements of the lights seemed random for a while. But then they
aligned into a kind of order. She could swear they were circling around
a large object. And that object was moving towards her.

From the darkness between the trees, the large thing approached with
unbroken slow gliding movements. It revealed itself slowly, the dimness
fading from around it, resolving itself into some kind of humanoid
thing, but huge — at least twice, maybe three times, her own height.
With each step its weight sank into the earth and paused there for a
moment so that it suggested a more permanent fixture on the landscape,
like a large boulder or a decaying tree trunk. Around it the faeries
swarmed, circling and diving, but staying close to it as it strode
toward her. Apparently this thing had its own kind of remoras. With
every dive and swoop the faeries left behind their trail of light,
creating a written language in the air, a forgotten script formed from
quickly-made strokes.

As it drew closer, Liza could make out some of the details of the
creature. What she first thought was a skin of bark, she soon discerned
to be an outer covering or shell, mounted on a core of thick green
sinew, not entirely unlike the muscles of a human. This core was strong
and taut with liquid pressure, but pliable enough to give the creature
a full range of motion. Covering that were hard heavy plates of the
bark-like stuff, a woody armor growing from the green flesh of its
body. At the joint where its legs came together there were large dark
petals layered tightly together, like those of some deadly and beautiful
night-blooming tropical flower.

From it's head grew a long mass, like hair, but rough and thick and in
color tones of green and gray. It looked like it could be of small twigs
and moss. The hair, matted and twined, grew down over its shoulders and
fell over its back. From its face grew a beard of similar stuff, but of
a thick impenetrable twiggy blackness. Its face was carved up by shadows
and there was no movement that betrayed any kind of emotion. But the
deep eyes were large and of liquid green, and they were expressive in a
way that seemed vaguely human.

The thing approached her without any rushing or jerky movements, as
if time ran at a different pace for the creature. It stopped to stand
hugely over her, looking down at her, disturbingly still, without any
motion. It appeared to consider her presence. The faeries began to
flutter around the creature's head more quickly, as if this moment
excited them.

She swallowed.

"Christ... Joshua was right. You are a... bigfoot or something?"

Liza breathed quickly, trying to get more air against the constriction
of the vines.

"...except, you aren't some kind of giant ape, you're like a walking
tree? And you're friends with the faeries? Every little girl knows that
creatures who are friends with faeries can't be bad..."

The creature remained entirely motionless for a few moments longer,
apparently completely uncomprehending of her speech. And then, in a big
sweeping move, it folded itself down to kneel on the soft earth. As it
did, it stepped on her dropped machete, bending the blade into a useless
angle under its weight. Its eyes came level with hers, and it leaned its
head forward, examining her closely; close enough that she could feel
and smell its breath, which came slowly, in long resonating breezes. It
was cool and fresh on her face, full of oxygen that made her more alert
and awake.

It was overwhelmingly terrifying to have this huge alien thing so close
to her, so intent on her. Trapped by the vines, she remained unable to
move, even to draw full breaths. She started to slip into a semi-panic.
Consciousness careened around her again, and she strode desperately for
some kind of footing. Hardly realizing what she was doing, she leaned
forward and kissed it gently on its woody face.

At this, the thing pulled its head back in a motion that would almost
be considered a jerk, if it hadn't been so fluid. The pools of its eyes
remained focused on her — they went very wide. It slowly let out a long
breath on her.

It raised its hand from her and the hand tangled itself in the vines
above her in a curious way. She watched it clamp onto one of the thick
vines and pull with a particular twisting motion, as if the vines
were control lines in some great mechanism of stage craft. The vines
constricted around its hand for a moment, and she felt their grip on her
tighten for a moment and then relax. She dropped the short distance to
the ground.

She scrambled backwards from the creature, trying to gain her feet, but
she wobbled unsteadily as she realized her legs were still numb from
being suspended in the vines. She slipped on the uneven ground to end up
back on the forest floor in a crumpled heap.

It remained kneeling in front of her, with the attitude a person might
assume to try to sooth a frightened puppy. Its eyes were level with
hers, watching her every move. It put out its great hand towards her,
palm up. She reached out and took it, braced herself for support, and
stood.

"Well... you let me out of that weird vine-trap... you're a friend of
the faeries... and it doesn't seem like you're going to eat me." 

She tried to rationally assemble what this evidence might lead to. 

"So... what are you going to do with me?"

With a slow motion, the creature moved its great hand with long thin
fingers towards her. The fingers traced the edges of her body, along her
stomach, up over her breasts, along her arms. The tips chased along the
fine lines of her muscles. It touched her face, gently. She closed her
eyes and the fingers traced her cheekbone and pushed back a stray lock
of her hair from her face.

Liza turns her head and kisses the cool green palm of the hand.

The creature's other hand comes up to rest on her thigh. Even with the
significant weight of it, she can barely feel it through the layers of
denim and heavy kevlar. She places her incongruously small hand over the
big hand heavily holding her thigh, and guides it. Up and up, slowly,
until it clears the kevlar and through the lighter denim of her jeans,
she becomes aware of the patient strength and power are in those long,
woody fingers.

"You're not real. You're not real." She creates a mantra for herself. 

"This is a dream. You are a fantasy. And... I believe in indulging my
fantasies."

As with so many fantasies, the consequences are real. She feels
herself excitedly dampening her panties. She guides the massive hand
between her legs, and feels the tectonic plate of the palm, and the long
tendrils of its fingers wrapping around the inside of her upper thigh.

It shifts position and grips her with a slow unstoppable strength —
the kind with which great boulders are split by roots. She can feel its
fingers lashed all the way around her leg, squeezing under the line of
her ass through her heavy work pants. The grip is so strong, and so
tight, and so close to her pussy. She rolls her hips, trying to grind
the smallest piece of herself against that strength. She closes her
eyes.

The gripping force clamping her leg and her ass begins to move. It has
waves to it. Slow waves, like the wind in the trees. Those waves push
against her pussy, slip and slide and wash over her clit. Its arm
becomes like a hydraulic line pumping fluid pressure from its body into
hers. She grinds herself against that pressure, and is raised up by it. 

Her body shakes, and she stretches both her hands out to grab the vines
that still hung low nearby to support herself. The tremors of her body
pass from her, out along the vines, and up into the branches of the
trees around her, as if the whole forest trembles with her pleasure. Her
orgasm churns though her like a fast-moving williwaw.

The creature released its vice-like grasp, and raised itself up to
its full height while continuing to stare down at her. The faeries,
which for a while seemed to have lost interest and fluttered off into
the woods, suddenly swarmed around them again, darting to and fro
frantically. They pirouetted around its head, arcing back and forth in
their long, quick movements.

Liza, breathing heavily, met its gaze.

"Whew. ...Well, what now?"

Its hand came down, and under the back of her legs. She wrapped her arms
around its arm, and with no effort it all the creature lifted her up
off her feet, and brought her close to its body. It turned towards the
darkest part of the forest, and began to move in that direction with its
long, smooth strides and taking Liza along with it.

*****

Joshua had been hiking for an hour or so down the slope of the
right-of-way when he passed the poplar Liza had cut down. He stopped for
a second to casually admire her work — she really was very good with a
chainsaw.

But the ground had started to get damper and wetter, and he could now
pick out her footprints in the soft ground. After a few moments he
realized that while there were a set of her footprints headed out into
the wilderness, there were none coming back. This had the effect of
panicking him to some degree.

He started to move again, more quickly this time. He plowed through the
weeds, grasses, and sharp branches whose thorny hooks and points caught
and pulled roughly at his chaps with a worried, rasping sound.

*****

They moved through the woods at a fantastic pace. The trees grew denser,
darker, and blacker. The creature traveled with such long smooth strides
that Liza had something of the sense of flying, perched as she was
floating in the air with the breeze on her face. The ground passed below
her in a blur of unvaried speed. The air was heavy and damp. Everywhere
she looked some movement of bug, snake, or diminutive forest mammal
caught her eye. She lost track of time, and couldn't judge how long they
had traveled like this. It was long enough that she was sore from being
unable to move very much.

The relentless wall of trees fell away, and the creature slowed and
stopped in a clearing. Out from under the canopy of woods she could
see the day had progressed, and the sun was no longer visible, hiding
somewhere behind the woods and hills. The sky over her head was streaked
with gray clouds.

The creature set her down gently on the mossy ground. The clearing was
nearly perfectly circular, ringed with densely packed trees that grew
right up to the edge of the clearing. All along that edge grew a mane of
tall grasses. The clearing appeared to have a floor of stone, covered
with soft mosses. It was slightly domed, as if it were the peak of some
ancient and buried mound or mountain. A quietly bubbling stream of clear
water ran along one edge in a trough the water had carved into the rock
over the course of a few eons.

The creature crossed the clearing to the stream, and stooped at the
edge. It cupped one of its hands and scooped up a huge draft of water,
which it poured into its open maw in the way one would pour water from
a pitcher. After drinking its fill, it cupped one last massive bowl of
water from the stream and strode back towards her. Its fingers pressed
together formed such a tightly sealed vessel, that it spilled no more
than a few drops in crossing the clearing.

It came to her, lowering its handful of sloshing liquid to the level of
her chest. It stood perfectly still, and the water settled to a glassy
smooth surface below her eyes. She could see herself reflected in it
with the sky and the tops of the trees behind her. She pulled her cap
off with her dark glasses and tossed them to the side of the clearing.
She looked up to meet the creatures eyes, and lowered her lips to the
pool of water, immersed her chin, and took a long drink. The water was
clear and cold. It tasted of black earth, and green growing things, and
was ever so slightly sweet. She had not realized how thirsty she was.

When she lifted her head, the fingers split apart and the remaining
water drained from between them.

Its hand swings forward in a slow pendular motion and touches her
stomach, just below her breasts. The tips of its long fingers move over
her belly, and along the top of her leg. She smiles up at the creature,
its eyes focus on her own with unwavering intensity. She takes its hand
in both of her own, and guides it. Down between her legs and up the
inside of her thigh.

Liza unclasps the straps and belt of her climbing harness and pulls them
away and throws them off next to her cap. She undoes her jeans, and
drops them down a little, just below the curve of her ass, enough to
make it easier to slip her own hand down the front of her white panties,
where she moves it with a certain rhythm. The knuckles of her fingers
create small whitecap waves in the thin fabric, and the creature focuses
its eyes on this movement, transfixed. Its hand comes up to rest gently
over hers, and through her panties she can feel its hand mirroring every
move of her own fingers, as if trying to learn some arcane gesture by
which the fabric of the universe is manipulated.

Her fingers come up wet and glistening to take its woody hand and guide
its fingers down the front of her panties to replace her own. The touch
is cold and hard, but also pulsing with life. Its fingers find her
place, that _exact_ place of her's — that so often plays an elusive game — and
the movements of its fingers come to a rhythm that precisely matches the
odd musical time of Liza's heart.

She fills her lungs, and the air is clean and bright and sharpens the
reality of this unreal situation. She closes her eyes and sighs. The
creature's hand tightens on her, and she feels it lift her up. It holds
her effortlessly in the air before it. Her legs dangle, the cuffs of the
heavy chaps slipping down over her boots. It contemplates her, holding
her to the sky and examining her the way a jeweler might hold a fine
stone to a light. Its eyes scan over her, taking in every facet and
curve of the surface of her body. And then its gaze pushes past the
surface, looking _through_ her, as if she were translucent and full of
refractive light.

The creature's fingers plug into her — maybe inside her? She cannot
tell because now it is like she is a branch grown from limb of its arm.
It pumps life into her and she needs its life to live. Her panties are
ripped to shreds by the movement of its enormous rough hand. She grasps
its wrist and clings on tightly. She arches back, convulsing on the end
of its outstretched arm. Her orgasm passes up from her toes, through
the taut muscles of her calves and thighs, pounding past her pussy
and plugging into her spine. It releases up through the curves of her
heaving breasts and spills out of the sparking points of her nipples and
the tips of her fingers, out into the pale light of the sky.

Liza leans over clutching its arm as she is lowered slowly back to the
ground. Her breath comes in long deep waves. Her pointing toes touch the
ground first and she rolls off onto the soft moss. It withdraws its hand
from between her legs, its fingers shining with the liquid of the stream
that flows through her.

She lay on the mossy floor of the clearing, feeling the warm life of the
ground seep up through her clothes and into her body. Gazing up, she
sees the creature towering above her, once again completely motionless.
It watches her breathing, her heart rate gradually slowing so that it
no longer pounds in her ears, and the quiet of the clearing lays gently
over her.

Recovering somewhat, Liza sits up and leans back, her hands on the
ground behind her to support her as she takes in the full height of this
being. It stands with a kind of dynamic tension, static and unmoving,
but wound with tremendous, slow strength. It's thick legs rise up from
the ground near her to meet its narrow trunk of a torso which spreads
upwards to a broad chest. The corrugated armor plates of bark-like
material that cover most of its exterior look cold and hard in this
light. But the bright green under-layer that appeared to grant the
creature movement almost seems to glow with a light of its own. With a
long swing of its arm it brought its hand up and began to stroke its
beard, and that motion gave off a slow rustling sound.

Liza begins to feel almost dizzy staring up like this. She stands
to try to level the difference. On her feet, she only comes up to the
joint where its legs come together, her eyes level with the intricate
layers of petals covering that spot. She looks up at him, and now he
moves, his head inclines just slightly and his great liquid eyes meet
hers.

She puts out her hand, and the tips of her fingers touch the cold bark
armor of his thighs. She drags her fingers along, tracing out the paths
and cracks that seem to track and map some forgotten land; perhaps some
hellscape the thing has known and come through in a time before human
memory. Her fingers come to rest gently upon the soft overlaid petals
where its legs come together. Her eyes never leave his as the tips of
her fingers slip under the petals, exploring, unsure what could be
there.

She feels a movement, and into her hand come a stem, smooth and thick.
It unfurls to her touch, passing through her palm and extending to
stand out from the relaxing petals. She wraps her fingers around it and
strokes up the length of it. And length there is — almost as long as
her arm, and easily as thick as her wrist, tapering to a bulbed anther
on the end. It strides forth from its iridescent base of petals, and it
is an opalescent milky white. The otherworldly reproduction tool of the
sex organs of a flower.

He doesn't move at her touch, but his eyes follow Liza's in an uncanny
way, as if he is interested in nothing but her, and only through what
he can read in her eyes. It takes all of her will to break his gaze as
she leans over and kisses the milky-white stamen gently with her eyes
closed. With both hands open she runs her palms up the sides of it,
barely caressing the cold sheath with her warm hands. She parts her lips
and touches her tongue to it and finds a fresh flavor, clean and barely
present. Somehow it tastes healthy. She slides her tongue slowly up the
shaft and parts her lips as her mouth encompasses the end of it. The
difference in their heights is such that she has to rise up onto her
toes slightly to reach her lips to the end of this white branch that
pulsed with rigid hydrostatic pressure in the air at her eye level.

Liza looks up to find his eyes again, which never wavered from looking
at her. With her mouth over the end of the long white shaft, she moves
her tongue back and forth against the underside of the tip, sucking
gently. She's not even sure to what end. He is so alien it is impossible
to even know what he might find pleasurable. But he certainly is not
turning her away. One of his huge woody hands comes up and rests heavily
on the arcing curve of her shoulder.

She is warm. Without removing her lips from the bulb that fills her
mouth, she pulls her arms through the loops of her sleeveless t-shirt
and bunches it down around her waist. Her nostrils flare as she
breathes through them, inhaling the clean scent of his stamen. She
reaches her hands behind her back, and undoes the clasp of her bra.
She slips the loops from her shoulders and tosses it to the edge of
the clearing. Her breasts rise to meet the cool air. She puts one hand
on his shaft and the other cups a breast like someone reaching for an
apple. She lets her nipple push between her fingers, and she applies
the slightest twisting pressure. The fullness in her mouth and the
twinge in her breast come together and flow down her to her pussy.

She wraps her hand around his shaft and moves along the length of it.
Her tongue presses against the bottom side, and from her nose she blows
warm air over it. He finally breaks eye contact with her and leans back,
looking up at the banded sky.

She feels him stiffen in a fluid-static premonition. She takes her lips
from the cool branch, and both of her hands pass up it, creating warm
friction as she pulls gently towards her face between her palms. Just as
her hands come up to the bulbous end, it jumps against the pressure of
her hand, and from the end of it spurts forth a blizzard of fine white
sticky powder. The largest portion of it snows down on the curve of her
breasts through a cloud of finer particles that remain floating around
her head.

She sneezes.

The sticky substance spreads over her, powdering her to a dry ivory 
color. The faeries, glowing an ever brighter shade of yellow-green as
the light of the day begins to fade, suddenly swoop down towards her,
and flutter everywhere about her in gentle but erratic movements. Their
wings stir up the fine powder into a small dust cloud and it sticks to
their bodies in clumps. The faeries, in turn, return and where they
touch her it sticks to her. They swarm around her pussy in particular,
like pollinators making sure to distribute their seminal packages across
a whole spectrum of flowers. She raises her arms and closes her eyes
letting herself be immersed in the warm soft wind of their wings and the
minor tempest they raise. Liza becomes aware that some of the faeries
around her waist were making a quick snapping sound, and she looks down
to see them chewing through what remained of her clothes. Even the
kevlar material of her chaps passed through their sharp mandibles as if
their jaws were tin snips. They quickly separate her from the straps of
her pack, and the light materials of her t-shirt and blaze orange vest.
They work a bit more slowly on her jeans. And they chew with unrelenting
determination through the thick leather of her boots.

The action of the faeries slows, and she moves back from them. They
hover around her as she steps from the ragged pile of her clothes and
gear and lays down on the moss, which seems to grow ever warmer even
though the darkening sky suggests it should be getting colder. The
creature comes to her, and kneeling down, passes his hands over over,
leaving his palms white like the chalked hands of a rock climber. This
has the effect of making his touch softer, and gives them a fleshy
warmth. One hand touches her pussy, and he seeks and finds her place
once again. Pleasure passes from his hand up through her and escapes
from her in a long moan. She spreads her knees.

He rises over the top of her, like a black cloud blocking out the sun.
His long stiff stamen brushes against the soft insides of her thighs.
She is soaked through as the bulbous end of it presses against her. It
enters into her and she almost involuntarily raises her feet into the
air. She spreads her legs as wide as she can, hoping that might help
her accommodate this challenge being put to her. She is split wide,
gushing apart like some biblical sea spread by the power of an ancient
god. She holds her breath and the creature exhales his cool oxygenated
air, and it settles downward and spreads over her body. Slowly, ever
so slowly, he pushes into her, and the path between her seas spreads
wider and wider, until finally, finally the seas inch back toward each
other, and he is inside her. It's like the weight of an entire forest
of ancient time, bearing down onto her. It is irresistible, a force of
nature like a hurricane, and she is trapped helpless underneath his
churning cyclonic winds.

And now he is coming up into her. And she knows there is no end to that.
She puts her hand out and touches the hard bark plating of his abdomen.
He must feel it because he slows, and rears back. On his knees, he looks
up to the sky, and he is like a sequoia standing for centuries above
her.

His long stamen stretches down and into her as she lays on her back. And
even though the length of it made Liza fearful earlier, she still wants
more. She is just barely able to hook her heels around his thighs, but
succeeds and even tries to pull him closer. She lifts her hips, and his
shaft slips slightly further into her. The intensity of this is such
that it forces her to moan loudly, and he looks down at her. Above them
the faeries blink on and off like huge bright fireflies. They create a
living pattern of warm light moving against the static background of
cold light from the first stars peaking out in the darkening sky.

She holds her breasts in her hands, and each time she raises her hips,
she lets out a gasping moan that reaches to the treetops. Even unable to
contain him, she fucks him like this, rolling her hips and up and down.
With each movement she tries to take even more of his infinitely long
stamen into her. She continually pulls against him with her heels. His
hands pass behind her knees and she lets him support some of her weight
as she fucks him wildly, driving herself further and further onto him.
She wants the impossible — she wants all of him.

His massive hands come down and under her back. Gently he raises her, up
into the air as he stands, without ever letting the end of his stamen
slip from her. Her back arches across his hands. She rolls her hips
through the air, feeling the breeze under her ass. She rides him like
a wild mount, her hips gyrating in space with a pattern designed to
call forth ancient and arcane power. She screams her pleasure out to the
open sky above her, and it rings through the silence of the woods around
her. A warm wind comes up and the trees surrounding the clearing bow
down to the tableau they form.

While still supporting her on one hand, he wraps his other around his
stamen, fully able to hold the base of it while it remains deep inside
her. His fingers behind her back grip her, and lift her. He pushes her
down on his shaft and a crack cleaves through her lust. Her eyes water,
and she slams her hips through a long arc in the air as she cums. His
hand gripping his shaft clenches tightly, and Liza feels it throb inside
her. And as he unleashes a deep cool breeze of breath over her body, he
also fills her pussy with warm and expanding powder.

He pulls her from his stamen, sticky powder filling the air. It is
shooting from the end of his stamen like a cloud streaming from the
sharp peak of an atmosphere-scraping mountain. It fills her nostrils,
spills down over her breasts, and massive amounts of it snow deeply onto
her belly, the tops of her thighs, and over her pussy.

He lays her gently onto the moss and the faeries sweep towards her. They
swarm, fluttering over her nipples, her stomach, and between her legs.
They continually make whirlwind landings on her soft mound, and snap and
wave against her clit. She again thinks of pollinators, and of what that
"cum" might be doing inside her womb.

She laid back on the warm moss and closed her eyes. Exhausted, she
drifted off to sleep, with those busy pollinators still gently
stirring the air against her body.

*****

Joshua reached the low swampy area as it was starting to turn dark. He
had not seen any sign of Liza since hours before when he had passed the
poplar she had cut down. With his headlamp on, the light reflected off
every puddle in the wet ground, so it was easy to follow the puddles
Liza's footprints had become in the muddy land.

It started raining, making the mud thicker and he traveled ever more
slowly. His weight causing him to sink past his ankles. He found the
place where she had turned off into the woods, and without hesitation
charged into the dark forest, leaving the open ROW behind.

The forest closed around him. Her footsteps passed through trees that
seemed impossibly close together. The thick vines looped in front of him
in every direction. Soon he couldn't make any forward progress. He put
his pack down and unstrapped the big chainsaw from it. He set the saw on
the ground, pulled the starter, and it fired to life. He put his pack
back on, picked up the chainsaw, and squeezed the throttle. The roar of
it drowned out any other sound in the forest.

He passed the blade through the vines, swinging the saw back and forth
with an almost wild abandon. The vines split and part from him,
dropping away into the shadows, like serpents retreating before
a primitive fire. A long, low, thick branch crossed his way, and he
plunged the saw into it. 

In his haste he reached just a little too far, and he let the saw get a
bit out of his control. The tip of the saw got in too deep and caught
a hard knot in the branch. It whipped the chainsaw upward in a line that
would have split Joshua's skull if the top side of the saw blade had not
lodged in another thick branch above him.

The saw stalled and sputtered to a stop, wedged firmly in the branch.
Joshua's muscles went taut as he strained to pull the saw free with
all of his not-inconsiderable strength. As he did so a woody tendril
of a vine wrapped around his leg. Another circled his wrist. Big thick
vines swooped down and wrapped his body, lifting him off his feet, and
suspending him among the shadows of the trees.

*****

A warm breeze woke Liza a couple of hours later. It was now fully dark,
and a bright three-quarters moon lit the clearing with a cold blue
light. Except for herself, the clearing was empty. The creature was not
there nor were the faeries, though she could occasionally see their
lights moving around off among the dense trees beyond the clearing.
Their cool yellow-green glow stood out sharply from the blue and gray
shades of the dark trees.

She stood and stretched her arms up to the night sky, spreading her
fingers and shaking out her sore muscles. A vast spread of photons
from the sun on the other side of the Earth passed her by, bounced off
the moon and sped through the atmosphere stripping off colors until
only blueish-white remained. These photons bombarded the clearing, and
bounced off the white dusting that coated her with such energy that
she fairly glowed in the darkness. This effect transformed her into an
apparition, as the light excitedly reflected from some parts of her body
and created shadows of others. The shape of her face stood out against
the streaks of her hair that hung down to her shoulders. The tops of
her breasts arced and curved shaping an enticing pattern of shadows.
They cut into space in exactly the opposite way that the curve of her
torso gave in to space. Her belly was a small arch that bridged down to
the place where two faint shadows of lines pointed toward the brightly
glowing mound between her legs. The dusting faded across her thighs so
that her legs remained in the dark. An observer from outside of the
clearing would have the impression that she was floating in it.

As soon as she stood, a few of the faeries rose up from the woods and
passed over her head, circling slowly above her, bright yellow stars
successfully making progress against the tide of the firmament. 

She floated across the clearing. She kneeled at the quietly tinkling
brook and scooped two handfuls of water. It was ice cold and raised her
consciousness up to somewhat less of a dream-state. She stood and traced
her way slowly around the edge of the clearing nonchalantly observing
the woods in the moonlight.

About half way around, a glowing streak of white in the grass caught
her eye. She crouched, and raised it from the grass — a long narrow
rib bone, perfectly cleaned. She slid her fingers along it, feeling the
smooth-rough texture of a hard and sun-bleached bone. She put her hand
out and parted the grass. On the ground between the grass there were
many more rib bones scattered about. Pushing further among them she
found the long column of small dorsals that formed a spine. And at one
end, half-immersed in the weedy loam, the pale dome and the dark sockets
of a human skull.

She stood quickly, dropping the rib in the grass.

She turned, and started running to the place where they had first
entered the clearing, intending to strike out in that direction and to
eventually find the power line right-of-way — her way out.

But as she came to the far edge of the clearing, dozens of faeries
swarmed in front of her. They swooped and dove aggressively around her,
glowing blindingly brightly and snapping mandibles loudly. Following her
with bead-black eyes. She stood facing them for a moment and then backed
up slowly from the edge of the clearing. As she did, the faeries calmed
and gradually dispersed back into the dark of the woods.

She moved to the center of the clearing and lay down. For many hours she
watched the light of the faeries off in the woods, but eventually her
exhaustion immersed in the quiet calm of the forest night overcame her,
and she fell back asleep.

*****

Joshua hung suspended in the vines. It grew darker and rained harder.
He had tried yelling, but he knew his echoing bellows were of little use.
The fact that his headlamp was still lit gave him little comfort. Every
place he shown it just exposed more black shadows that could be hiding
some horror. And when he swung his light to look for that horror, a new
shadow would catch his eye. He eventually wished the headlight would
go out.

He hung helpless for hours. Rain soaked through his heavy gear and ran
in rivulets down his back. The battery in the headlamp started to give
out, and as the light slowly got dimmer he took back his wish that the
light would go out. The rain was extremely loud, smacking against the
leaves of the trees, and dripping to the forest floor. The white-noise
of it contributed to his growing sense of being blind and deaf. And he
was terrified of what he could not see or hear.

As his light faded to a dim glow, it was raining the hardest it had
yet been. It was then that he thought he heard the crunch of something
big in the woods. He raised his fading light and strained to see into
the dimness of the black woods, but there was nothing to see but more
shadows.

With a rush of cool air and rustling leaves, the creature stepped from a
cluster of trees and stood in front of Joshua. He knelt down and brought
his eyes level with Joshua's. The faeries followed, swarming around the
creature's head excitedly, their lights like some wild dance party had
emerged from the darkness.

Joshua yelled and struggled against the vines.

The creature reached out one huge hand with its steady fluid motion,
and clamped it tightly around Joshua's forearm. With an easy twist, the
creature snapped off the arm. The faeries surged forward, with their
lights increasing in intensity. They dove, following the stream of
blood down from the severed arm, consuming it in mid-air before it hit
the forest floor.

The creature dropped the arm and the faeries frenzied all around it,
glowing bright enough to light up the scene with their sickly yellow
glow.

Joshua watched this screaming. The pain surged through him. He spat at
the creature.

It turned as if noticing Joshua for the first time. Its massive fingers
extended out and crushed Joshua's head between them , like a potter
creating a pinch pot or a sushi chef placing a wad of wasabi.

The faeries flew up and swarmed around the creature's hand and fingers,
consuming the bits of gore from it that used to be Joshua's head.

*****

The birds were going wild. Screeching whistles and harsh caws stood out
against a continuous cacophony of birdsong that sounded like someone
trying to play a complex fugue in an arrangement for rusty lifeguard
whistles, at maximum volume. The piece pierced her dreams and eventually
overcame them, and Liza awoke. The clearing was still empty, the
creature had not returned. Occasionally she watched a faerie fluttering
across the sky above her; in daylight looking far less magical and far
more like a huge predator insect on the hunt.

It was still extremely early in the morning, the sky was just starting
to lighten, though overhead hung low, black clouds from which poured
down torrents of rain. But whether the rain was being blown off by some
high, hard wind or some other strange atmospheric phenomenon was at
play, only a few drops seemed to weave their way down into the clearing.

Liza felt like she should be cold, laying naked on the ground in an
exposed clearing under a turbulent sky. Especially this early in the
morning. She had always disliked mornings — they seemed inescapably
cold. Yet she was warm on this morning. Warmth radiated up from the
mossy ground. Perhaps there was some kind of geological activity under
it. Maybe that rising warmth was also responsible for pushing the rain
off.

She lay back on the moss with her eyes closed for a while, trying to
puzzle out the insane birdsong. 

After some time, a shift in the light falling across her closed eyes
told her that something had moved into the clearing. Opening her eyes,
she saw he had returned. With his soft heavy movements, he crossed
towards her. Behind him, the faeries had formed an energetic, buzzing
swarm at the edge of the clearing.

With a strong, but nearly silent, rush of air, he bent down to kneel
before her, his eyes once again leveling with hers in the way he seemed
so fond of. He opened one of his huge hands, and in his palm were two
green ovaloid fruits of some kind. She took one from his hand. It was
soft and supple, and filled the curve of her small palms perfectly.
The size and texture, and the way the skin of the fruit gave under the
pressure of her fingers, reminded her of nothing so much as her own
breasts when she was a young woman.

The fruit was not something Liza had seen before. She held it up and
inhaled their odor deeply. It was sweet, complex, and tropical. She
was very hungry at this point, and quickly dug her nails into the soft
skin. Sticky juice immediately ran down her fingers and pooled in her
palm before starting a long, slow course down her forearm. She peeled
back the skin and the flesh of the fruit was soft and ripe, and bright
yellow. A few large smooth seeds were cradled in the middle of it. She
put a chunk of the fruit to her lips and found it was somehow both
creamy and tangy.

The creature, apparently having seen that she was cared for, erected
himself with his long, smooth movement and turned to the center of the
clearing. There he stood without motion, as if he were some Yateveo, or
a forest ancient who had called all the nutrients from the extent of his
limbs into him, and deprived any younger growth from thriving in the
space around.

She ate the fruit slowly as she wandered absentmindedly around the edge
of the clearing. She focused her thoughts on the taste, how it combined
the fatty richness of custard with the sweet tang of a mango. The sticky
juice ran down her chin and dripped onto her breasts, mixing with the
powdered dusting that covered her. She came up to the far edge of the
clearing where the faeries hovered and dove low to the ground, orbiting
something in the grass.

She couldn't see what it was for all the faeries swarming around it.
There must have been hundreds of them. She waved them away with her
hand, and a few of them snapped angrily at her, but gave a little,
fluttering to one side. And she could see the wet, white, fresh bones of
a human hand.

She inhaled sharply, the flavor of the fruit filling her lungs. She
kicked at the faeries and a few more gave way to her, and she could see
the kevlar chaps and blaze-orange vest she knew so well. These were
undoubtedly the bones of Joshua, stripped clean by these fluttering
demons and their vicious, sharp mandibles. She stood staring at them,
completely naked and dusted white, her hair matted and knotted. The
skin of the fruit dropped from her hand and tears welled in her eyes.

She turned to him.

"What have you done? What have you done to Joshua? What have you done
to _me_?"

The creature only looked at her, with the same stoic solidity as
always.

"You're not a fantasy — you're a nightmare! You didn't bring me into
some fairy-tale or Garden of Eden... you brought me to some kind of
perverse torment!"

Liza moved towards her abandoned bundle of clothes and gear. She knelt
down and pulled her light chainsaw from the pack. As she stood, she
drop-started the saw and squeezed the throttle sending a cloud of
carbon and fumes into the clear air and filling all the space around
her with the juggernaut sound of industry. She stepped toward him
with the saw raised and spinning, breathing heavily.

He held out his hand to her, with the oval fruit laying passively in
the center of his palm.

"...Or, maybe you aren't even that."

She reconsidered, speaking to herself. The saw drooping in her hands,
but still throwing fumes from its exhaust.

"You're nothing but the cold, unfeeling, unjudging chaos of
nature. You have no intention, you just _are_. How did I mistake you
for anything more than that? "

She let the tip of the saw touch the ground, and it stalled out. The
heavy quiet of the forest lay back down over them. She dropped the saw
as she stepped forward, and took the fruit from his hand. She pulled
back the skin and pressed her lips against the fruit and took a bite.

The moss was warm on the soles of her feet, and the sun peaked through
the clouds in rays that lit small hovering insects and the motes of soot
still floating in the air from the chainsaw engine.

She put her arm around his waist, and slowly ate the fruit with her
free hand as she watched the faeries still diving and rising from the
grass.

She tosses what is left of the fruit off into the woods, and slides her
hand up his inner thigh and under his concealing petals. His stamen
comes erect and fresh into her hand, rising up for her. Liza leans
over and kisses it, his fresh scent mixing with the lingering sweet,
creamy tanginess of the fruit. She puts her small hand on the other
side of his massive branch and runs her lips and tongue along the
length of it, with her hand sliding along opposite.

The creature leans his head back and releases a long exhale of air up
into the atmosphere above them. Liza takes his hand in hers, and
gently pulls him down to her, and he comes where he is bidden; down to
his knees with his long stamen pulsing with life in the air before
him.

Liza turns from him. Her eyes are up, watching the movement of the
forest as she bends over, offering herself to him. She reaches behind,
and his floating white stamen comes into the palm of her little hand.
She grips it, and guides it, leaning her body backwards so that she is
pushing him into her. This time it feels totally natural, as if she has
adapted to the size of him. Instead of being split open, the gap in her
is filled up. She is made whole.

His rough scraping hands slide along her soft, smooth ass, and over
the curve of her body. It finds one of her breasts and holds it
tightly in its horny grip. His other hand comes around her hip and
between her legs, and the tip of his long finger finds her clit. He
connects to her, and his growing life flows into her pussy.

Liza reaches her arms out in front of her, spreading her fingers wide.
His touch and the growing, filling force he puts into her drives energy
through her body and makes her limbs grow like verdant branches. He
fucks her full of this life, and it spreads through her in a delicious,
numbing tingle, until it passes out to her fingertips.

She lowers her hands to the ground, almost bending herself double. Her
hands press into the soft carpet of warm moss. Bent over like this she
can take even more of his length into her. Her juices run from her
and trace a path down his ivory core until he glistens in the morning
light. The force of him escalates up into her body and escapes her mouth
in a screaming orgasm, so loud that even the faeries are disturbed,
momentarily lifting up and buzzing through the open sky over their
heads.

Still bent over, Liza's half-open eyes come to rest on the climbing
harness she had dropped the night before. She comes up off his limb
and crawls across the moss on her hands and knees towards it as he
watches her. When she reaches it, she rests for a minute, catching her
breath. He remains still, on his knees, his fluid-hardened white
branch pulsing in the air before him.

Liza stands, and steps into the harness. She pulls the belt up and
fastens it around her waist. The support straps she passes through her
legs, and she tightens them up under the curve of her ass. Arrayed in
this gear, she picks up the heavy, webbed climbing strap and moves
toward him. The cold metal of the big carabiner hanging from the front
of the belt smacks against her naked abdomen with every step. She stands
before him, and reaches up and slings the climbing strap around his
trunk. She snaps the loops of the climbing harness to the carabiner on
her belt and puts one foot against his body. Leaning back, the strap
goes taught, and she feels her weight taken up by her harness. She puts
her other foot up against his body and now she stands suspended by the
strap and her feet pressing against him, her legs spread a little apart.

He stands, smoothly and quickly, with almost no effort, as if her added
weight were no more than that of a small child. Their eyes are again at
the same level and they lock together. His stamen comes up hard, and
from her pussy a few drops of her sticky-sweet juice fall to the mossy
ground. He slides into her, his cold breath falling all over her body
and giving her small goosebumps, driving her sensitive nipples to hard
little buttons. His hand comes up to rest hugely upon her belly, as if
bestowing a blessing on it, and the thumb slips between her legs and
gently anoints her clit.

She is flying on his limb. Her back arches, her arms stretch out above
her. Her breasts float up and down as if blown by the cool breeze of
his breath across her. Her stomach muscles go taught and hard, showing
delicate curves within curves, the result of the hard work of her
life. Her legs strain between his body and the harness, trying at once
to spread the distance between them, and bring that distance closer
together.

His breath stirs the treetops, and her gasps scuttle the insects on
the forest floor. Their eyes close, and she passes from consciousness
into a dizzy dream, where she is nothing more than the leaf of a tree,
dependent on the branch for nutrients, and her greatest pleasure is to
return energy she converted from sunshine to her tree. Her colors turn,
bright green, and then gold, then red, then brown. She withers and falls
from him.

*****

Liza did not know how long she remained out there in the dark heart of
that wood. She quickly lost track of time. Her waking hours were spent
with him, at least when he was in the clearing. There were sessions
that went on for the largest part of a night, with the faeries always
lighting the scene with the cool glow of their lights circling overhead.

He never seemed to grow impatient or tired, and she could not find a
bottom to her desires and her pleasure. The more he fucked her, the
more she wanted. And the more she wanted the more he gave her. Over and
over again he would cum with his powdery seminal germ, filling her up,
or dusting it all over her. Every time he did, the faeries would get
excited and flutter over and around her, spreading the pollen-like dust
on her.

A number of days went by, possibly weeks. Liza was losing her ability to
measure the world by human standards. Her life was instead marked only
by the coming of darkness or light, the creature bringing her fruit to
eat, or the orgasms that penetrated through her being.

One morning she awoke and the creature was not there. Sometimes he left,
and she didn't like to think about why he did or where he went. But this
particular morning seemed different. It was quieter, stiller. 

As she took her morning sip from the stream she realized what it was
that was different — the faeries were not there either. Not hovering
in the clearing, or in the sky above her, or off buzzing through the
woods. She had gotten so used to them that she didn't realize how
constant a presence they were until they were gone.

She wandered across the clearing, and stepped over the tall grass
expecting at any moment to be harassed by dozens of snapping faeries.
But they didn't come. She walked a bit into the dark shade of the woods.
Still they weren't there. She looked back at the clearing that was warm
with sunlight and soft with moss, and she looked at the woods ahead
of her that were dark and cold, with the sharp sticks of the forest
floor that scraped and pressed into her bare feet. And then she started
walking.

Liza walked for hours through the silent shadowy forest, always expecting
to hear the heavy crunch of the creature coming up behind her, or the
terrifying buzz of hundreds of faeries rising up in front of her. She
had no idea where she was going, but she knew what she was looking for
— the power line right-of-way. If should could find the ROW, it would
eventually lead her back to humans.

She stumbled across loose rocks and fallen trees. She cut her legs and
feet on sharp branches and thorns. She pushed through cobwebs and
unsavory looking greasy plants that grew close to the ground. Late in
the afternoon, she saw sunlight ahead breaking the never-ending shadows
of the woods, and she fell out under the open sky of the right-of-way.

This was such a relief she didn't even pause to think about which way
to walk. She just picked a direction randomly and started walking up
the ROW. A couple of hours later she spied in the distance a dark figure
also following the ROW, and he called out to her. She sat down in the
grass in relief and waited for the forest ranger to come help her.

*****

The weeks that went by after that were strange for Liza as she
readjusted to being back among the humans. She kept most of what
happened to herself, only sharing that she had gotten lost and confused
in the woods, and had started hallucinating from hunger. She wasn't sure
herself this wasn't actually the whole truth. The experience seemed so
dreamlike and distant. But if it was a hallucination, what happened to
Joshua?

She found out there had been search parties sent out looking for her
and Joshua the very evening they disappeared. But the heavy rains had
flooded the whole lower part of valley, and the search parties were
forced to very limited ground searches for almost a week. They had given
up hope and were just going through routine follow-up when they found
her wandering the right-of-way. 

Joshua's remains were never found.

It was weeks later when Liza succumbed to the feeling that she needed to
tell someone about what happened to her, or at least what she thought
had happened to her. She invited her friend Annette over for lunch.
Over a veggie wraps and homemade potato salad, Liza slowly laid out
the whole story for her.

"So that's your story? Do you think that really happened? Or was it
some kind of hallucination?" Annette asked her when she had finished.

"I don't know. It feels like I was a different person — actually a
different kind of living thing entirely — while I was there. Like when
people talk about an out-of-body experience."

"So you escaped from an out-of-body experience?"

"That's the thing... I didn't 'escape' I just walked away. As if it
were just _time_ for me to return, and those weird creatures out there
knew that. At least... at first I thought it was just the right time.
But as of today, I feel like maybe it was something more..."

"What do you mean?" Annette asked.

"Well, this morning... I had this feeling. And I tried a pregnancy
test..."

Annette cut her off right there. "You're _pregnant_!?"

"Maybe. I feel like I am. But if I am, it has to be that creature's
baby... And now I'm wondering if maybe the creature and faeries somehow
_knew_ I was pregnant. I didn't escape — they let me go."

"Why would they do that?"

"Who knows. The creature was totally unlike anything else I've seen or
heard about. But I've been thinking about Neanderthals, and how we now
know they existed living alongside humans for generations. They even
interbred with humans. Maybe the creature has some kind of relationship
like that with humans. Maybe that... that is how it reproduces?"

"But the baby would be... what? Half-plant?"

"I don't know."

"What will you do if it is?"

"I don't know that either. On the one hand, after that experience, it
almost feels, I don't know... _natural_ to raise the offspring of
a creature like that..."

"...And on the other?"

"On the other hand, _nature_ is full of genuine monsters."







